2025 Annual Report
2
2025 ANNUAL REPORT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Table of Contents
2025 in Brief 3
Company in Brief 4
CEO’s Letter 6
Wireless 8
Photonics 10
The Sivers Semiconductors Share 13
Financial Report
Directors’ Report and Corporate Governance Report 13
The Board of Directors 25
Group Management 27
Group
Consolidated Income Statement 28
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 29
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 30
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 31
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 32
Parent Company
Parent Company Income Statement 65
Parent Company Statement of Financial Position 66
Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity 67
Parent Company Statement of Cash Flows 68
Parent Company Notes 69
Auditor’s Report 76
Five-Year Summary Group 79
Alternative Performance Measures 81
Definitions of Alternative Performance Measures 83
Glossary 84
Annual General Meeting 85
3
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025 ANNUAL REPORTQ1 
  Secured a major chip develop -
ment program with a leading Tier-1 
telecom infrastructure vendor
  Signed CHIPS Act contracts with the 
Northeast Microelectronics Coalition 
Hub, strengthening U.S. funding and 
ecosystem alignment
  Completed a directed share issue 
including new U.S. institutional  
investment
  Won the Intelsat SATCOM Digitizer  
Development Program Award, 
expanding satellite communications 
engagement
  Signed a strategic MoU with a leading 
optical infrastructure provider to 
enable high-volume laser array 
production for AI workloads
  Announced new SATCOM, 5G 
antenna array products at Mobile 
World Congress 2025
  Announced a collaboration with WIN  
Semiconductors to scale high-volume 
DFB laser production2025 IN BRIEF
Q2 
   Announced a strategic OEM  
partnership with O-Net Technologies 
to deliver next-generation external 
laser sources
  Signed a distribution partnership with 
Nisko to expand market presence in 
wireless
  Joined the DIFI Consortium to 
advance satellite network interopera -
bility among ground terminals
  Renewed debt financing with 
significantly improved terms from a 
U.S.-headquartered bank to support 
growth initiatives
  Hosted Capital Markets Day in  
Stockholm to engage investors and 
outline strategic priorities
  Won a contract from aiRadar to 
develop an advanced 28 GHz 
antenna module for defense  
applications
  Participated in the 15th Annual Roth 
London Conference in June2025 in brief 
 Q3
    Appointed Heine Thorsgaard as  
Chief Financial Officer, strengthening 
financial leadership
  Added new pan-European inves -
tors in a directed share raise led by 
existing institutional investor
Q4  
  Secured a European Space Agency 
contract for next-generation SATCOM 
beamforming ICs
  Partnered with DigiKey to expand 
customer reach and global access to 
wireless products and evaluation kits
  Formed a strategic partnership with 
Doosan to develop advanced  
Ka-band SATCOM antenna panels
  Secured first production PO with  
Tachyon Networks to accelerate 
next-generation fixed wireless access 
(FWA) using 28 GHz antenna modules
  Appointed Raymond Biagan as Chief 
Revenue Officer to scale commercial 
execution
  Partnered with POET Technologies 
to deliver innovative light-engine 
solutions and expand offerings for 
next-generation AI infrastructure
  Appointed Neeraj Chopra as VP of 
Global Operations & Quality

4
2025 ANNUAL REPORT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Sivers designs the backbone  
of intelligent connectivity
From ultra-fast wireless chips to precision lasers and beamformers, our technologies 
connect cloud and edge, enabling AI data centers, advanced telecommunications, and 
satellite communications.
With deep engineering expertise and scalable, production-ready platforms, Sivers helps 
customers accelerate time to market and deploy high-performance systems at scale.
Wireless
Sivers provides mmWave beamforming ICs, transceivers, and 
antenna modules for SATCOM, Fixed Wireless Access (FWA), 
and Defense. These solutions enable higher throughput, lower 
power consumption, flexible system designs, and faster time to 
market.Photonics
Sivers provides high-power DFB lasers and laser arrays for 
optical links in AI data centers and high-performance
computing (HPC) systems. These solutions deliver higher band-
width, lower power consumption, scalable designs, and reliable 
high-volume production.
Applications 
• Data Communications, AI & Machine Learning
• LIDAR for 3D Imaging (Autonomous Vehicles and Robotics)
• Bio-Sensing
ABOUT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS
Applications
• Satellite Communications
• Fixed Wireless Access/5G
• Defense SystemsABOUT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS
5
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025 ANNUAL REPORTABOUT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS ABOUT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS
Our Employees
We now have newly opened offices in Banga -
lore, India and San Jose, California (USA). At 
the end of the fourth quarter 2025, Sivers 
Semiconductors had 130 employees in the US, 
Scotland, Sweden and India.
Sivers Semiconductors’ success is driven 
by a highly skilled, international workforce 
with deep expertise in advanced wireless and 
photonics technologies.
To attract and retain key talent, the 
company offers competitive compensation 
and long-term incentive programs, including 
employee stock option plans that align 
employee interests with shareholder value 
creation.Social Responsibility  
and Business Ethics
Sivers Semiconductors conducts its operations 
in accordance with applicable laws, interna -
tional standards, and its Code of Conduct, with 
a focus on human rights, ethical business prac -
tices, and responsible sourcing. The company 
prohibits child and forced labor, discrimination, 
and corruption, and expects the same stan -
dards from its suppliers, including compliance 
with conflict-minerals regulations.
Policies and procedures are in place to 
support employee health and safety, promote 
equal opportunity, and enable reporting of 
suspected misconduct.
SWEDEN
Head office, Wireless,  
R&D and Sales
USA
Wireless,  
R&D and SalesSCOTLAND
Photonics AI,  
R&D and Sales/Fab
INDIA
Wireless,  
R&D
Total number 
of employees
130
of whom
30
hold a PhD
Our People and Global Presence
Sivers Semiconductors AB is the Parent Company of a Group comprising the wholly-owned subsidiaries  
Sivers Wireless AB, Sivers Photonics Ltd, Trebax AB, Sivers Semiconductors Corp and Sivers Semiconductors Inc.
The operations are mainly conducted in the three companies Sivers Wireless AB (Kista, Sweden),  
Sivers Photonics Ltd (Glasgow, Scotland) and Sivers Semiconductors Inc. (Chatham, USA). 
6
2025 ANNUAL REPORT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Igniting revenue  
and pipeline growth
Annual revenues increased by 40% YoY to a new record of SEK 307 m, while AEBITDA  
improved by SEK 1 m compared to the previous year. Our opportunity pipeline grew, and 
we expanded our Serviceable Addressable Market (SAM) with optical pluggables. We have 
increasing momentum across focus market segments and are broadening our customer 
engagements with standard products. Our lead LIDAR customer will begin production ship -
ments in Q4 2026 contributing significant top line revenues from 2027. We are finalizing 
the second-year contract at $6.6M with US Chips Act for Electronic Warfare. CEO’S LETTER
Sivers’ opportunity pipeline, a key lead indicator 
of future revenue growth potential, grew strongly 
during 2025. 
 Our wireless revenues grew 53% YoY, showcasing 
strong progress across key market segments. The 
drive for ubiquitous broadband needs strong back -
bone connectivity via SATCOM links and a robust last 
mile solution (Fixed Wireless Access, FWA). Sivers has 
made strategic progress in both these areas with our 
customer engagements.  
In SATCOM, our lead customer, ALL.SPACE has 
reached Technology Readiness Level 6 (TRL6) with the 
US Army and an expanded production pipeline starting 
2H 2026. For IRIS2, the largest SATCOM upgrade 
program in Europe, three user terminal vendors who 
bid with Sivers beamformers in the RFI stage have now 
advanced to the RFP prototyping stage. Additionally, 
we have expanded into Korea with a strategic contract 
($1.5M) with Doosan Corporation for antenna panels.  
In FWA, our Tier-1 customer is on track to release 
first generation product by end of 2026. We are also 
executing well on their next-generation product. We 
have inked first production orders ($3M). In defense we 
are finalizing the 2nd year Electronic Warfare (EW Star) 
contract at a 20% higher project grant ($6.6M).
We also added to our defense pipeline a new 
contract ($800K) from a leading US defense contractor, 
to support emerging US tactical communication 
programs.  
Our photonics business grew by 17% YoY, driven by 
increased product shipments to our SME customers. 
Sivers expanded its manufacturing and serviceable 
available market through several strategic partner -
ships. Collaborations with WIN Semiconductors, O-Net 
Technologies and POET volume production of DFB laser 
arrays, pluggable transceivers, external laser sources 
and light engines (ELS) for AI data-centers. 
Our serviceable market and opportunity pipe -
line has expanded to include pluggable optical 
interconnects as well as scale-up and scale-out architectures for co-packaged optics (CPO). We are 
actively sampling several customers including POET 
for their alpha customer ELS product. 
We are excited  that our lead LIDAR customer will 
ramp production starting Q4 2026, with Sivers’ lasers 
and optical amplifiers deployed across their product 
platforms for automotive and industrial LIDAR. This 
program is expected to be a significant contributor to  
our top-line growth  over the coming years.
We deepened our veteran leadership ranks with 
the addition of Raymond Biagan as Chief Revenue 
Officer and Neeraj Chopra as Chief Operations Officer. 
With solid revenue and pipeline growth in 2025, 
accelerating customer engagement and market 
momentum, and good prospects to ramp up produc -
tion from the second half of 2026, Sivers is well-po -
sitioned and ready to grow revenues in the most 
eventful markets of our time.
Correction of the financial figures 
Sivers has previously informed that we are investi -
gating the possibility of a dual listing of our shares 
on Nasdaq New York. This is part of our ongoing 
analysis of strategic choices to improve access 
to the major U.S. capital markets with a focus on 
technology, to drive long-term growth and to grow 
our international investor base.
As part of this evaluation, we have conducted a 
review of the Group’s financial reporting for the finan -
cial years 2024 and 2025, in preparation for a listing on 
a US exchange. In connection with this, the need for 
adjustments in the previously reported financial data 
has been identified. The adjustments concern, among 
other things, the redistribution of income between 
periods as well as to 2026 and later.
The update of the consolidated financial state -
ments is an important step in our ongoing evaluation 
of a possible dual listing on Nasdaq New York.  
Vickram Vathulya, CEOStrong revenue growth, 
sizeable gains in the 
opportunity pipeline, 
and strategic  
expansion of our 
customer and partner 
base in focus markets 
positions us well for 
continued success.
CEO’S LETTER
7
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025 ANNUAL REPORTCEO’S LETTER
Our performance in 2025 reflects 
our relentless pursuit of the growth 
journey ahead, says Vickram Vathulya , 
President & CEO.CEO’S LETTER
8
2025 ANNUAL REPORT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  WIRELESS
Satellite Communications  
(SATCOM)
Providing high power, high efficiency, 
low noise figure BFICs for SATCOM 
applications.Fixed Wireless Access/5G
Our highly integrated  
mmWave RFICs, BFICs and RF modules 
enable wireless broadband access  
to customer premises.Defense Systems
Supporting communications, radar, 
electronic warfare and drone 
connectivity through compact, high-
reliability mmWave solutions optimized 
for mission-critical environments.
9
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025 ANNUAL REPORTWIRELESS WIRELESS
Wireless
The global demand for wireless connectivity continues to accelerate, driven 
by the rapid digitization of society and the emergence of an AI-driven super 
cycle. As data generation expands at the edge—across devices, vehicles, 
industrial systems, and remote infrastructure—the need for high-capacity, 
low-latency wireless links to transport this data to centralized and distributed 
data centers has become critical. 
In this context, millimeter-wave connec -
tivity is gaining strategic importance, 
enabling multi-gigabit performance 
where fiber is impractical or unavailable. 
This trend is particularly evident in the 
rapid growth of millimeter-wave satellite 
communications, which are increasingly 
essential for resilient global connec -
tivity. In a geopolitical environment 
characterized by heightened security 
concerns, contested infrastructure, and 
the need for sovereign communications 
capabilities, SATCOM has become a 
cornerstone technology for commercial, 
governmental, and defense applications 
alike.
Sivers Semiconductors is actively 
supporting this transformation through 
deep engagement in several strate -
gically important SATCOM programs 
worldwide. Our major customer, ALL.
SPACE, continues to gain traction 
with the U.S. armed forces, recently 
completing a milestone demonstration 
under the U.S. Army’s Next Generation 
Tactical Terminal (NGTT) program and 
achieving Technology Readiness Level 6. 
In Europe, the IRIS² initiative represents 
a major investment in sovereign satellite 
communications infrastructure, and as 
the only EU-based supplier of silicon 
millimeter-wave beamformer ICs for 
SATCOM, Sivers is engaged with multiple 
leading European terminal vendors 
responding to IRIS² RFIs and RFQs. 
In December 2025, we announced a 
$900,000 award from the European 
Space Agency to develop next-genera -tion SATCOM beamformer chips that are 
synergistic with IRIS2 requirements. In 
South Korea, another region with strong 
governmental focus on SATCOM, we 
announced a $1.5 million development 
agreement with Doosan to develop scal -
able electronically steerable array (ESA) 
panels in the Ka-band. This program 
will be based on our new broad-market 
Ka-band SATCOM beamformer IC 
platform, scheduled to be unveiled at 
Mobile World Congress and Satellite 
Show in 2026.
In parallel, 5G millimeter-wave is 
gaining renewed momentum, with fixed 
wireless access (FWA) emerging as the 
primary near- to mid-term driver of 
deployment. As operators seek cost-ef -
fective alternatives to fiber for last-mile 
broadband, millimeter-wave enables 
multi-gigabit capacity with rapid time to 
market. Our program with a Tier-1 infra -
structure supplier continues to progress 
well, supporting a late-2026 release of 
first-generation products based on our 
proven SUMMIT and TRB beamformer 
portfolios. In parallel, we are executing a 
$5.4 million custom transceiver devel -
opment program with this customer, 
announced and launched in January 
2025. Additionally, in November 2025 
we announced a $2.8 million purchase 
order from Tachyon Networks for our 
28 GHz beamforming modules based on 
the TRB02801, marking the Company’s 
first mass-production-level order in the 
5G millimeter-wave market.
Defense applications represent a growing and strategically important 
segment for Sivers Semiconductors,  
and in 2025 we executed exception -
ally well across our major govern -
ment-funded programs. We successfully 
completed the Year 1 objectives of our 
two Micro-electronics Commons initia -
tives. The 5G/6G program delivered a 
wideband FR3 (7–15 GHz) beamforming 
transceiver, which is generating strong 
interest from both U.S. Department of 
Defense and commercial customers. 
Our Electronic Warfare program 
(EW-STAR) resulted in a 1–6 GHz 
interference-cancellation IC enabling 
simultaneous transmit and receive 
(STAR) operation, a capability gaining 
increasing traction in advanced defense 
systems. The EW-STAR program was 
extended into Year 2 with a $6.4 million 
award, expanding frequency coverage 
to 1–10 GHz while further enhancing 
performance.
Our growing momentum in defense 
is further evidenced by an $800,000 
beamformer IC development award 
announced in December 2025 with a 
major defense prime, building on our 
SUMMIT portfolio.
These 2025 accomplishments 
establish a strong foundation of product 
launches, customer momentum, 
and funded programs with top-tier 
customers, positioning Sivers Semi -
conductors for accelerated growth 
and expanding market impact across 
SATCOM, 5G, and defense in 2026.
10
2025 ANNUAL REPORT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  
LIDAR for 3D Imaging  
(Autonomous Vehicles  
and Robotics)
Drive LIDAR performance forward  
with our narrow-linewidth,  
high-power DFB lasers designed  
for precise, reliable sensing in  
any environment.PhotonicsPHOTONICS
The drive towards improved AI system performance is fundamentally reshaping 
how datacenter networks are built, powered, and monetized. The most important 
trend is that scale-up  and scale-out  networking are converging. Together, they are 
redefining AI datacenter networks as optics-first architectures.
Data Communications,  
AI & Machine Learning
Providing high-power DFB laser 
sources for next-generation optical 
interconnects that support  
the scale-up and scale-out of  
data center architectures.Bio Sensing
Our lasers and detectors enable 
innovative wearable healthcare 
products for many applications, 
including personal fitness tracking  
and healthcare diagnostics.Scale-up drives the demand for 
high-performance, energy-efficient 
optical interconnects that can replace 
copper over short distances. This is 
where Sivers advanced DWDM laser 
arrays coupled with Co-Packaged silicon 
photonics chiplets become strategically 
critical. In April 2025, Sivers announced 
a strategic partnership with O-Net  
Technologies to produce high-perform-
ance external laser sources, a crit -
ical component for next-generation 
Co-Packaged Optics (CPO) in switches, 
network interface cards, delivering 
significantly lower power consumption 
compared with traditional pluggable 
transceivers. Furthermore, in November 
2025, Sivers announced a strategic  
partnership with POET Technologies 
Inc., combining Sivers’ DFB laser arrays 
with POET’s Optical Interposer™ to 
deliver scalable, energy-efficient external light sources. The collaboration posi -
tions both companies to address the 
rapidly growing AI optical connectivity 
market, with prototypes will be demon -
strated to customers in the first half of 
2026 and production readiness targeted 
by year-end 2026. There is additional 
strong interest in our DWDM laser 
arrays with parts being evaluated in 
multiple labs.
Scale-out creates enormous volume 
demand for optical modules, lasers, and 
fiber infrastructure. Even small effi -
ciency gains per link translate into large 
cost savings at the hyperscale. Discus -
sions with hyperscalers and pluggable 
transceiver vendors suggest a CW laser 
supply shortage in the next few years 
as the industry transitions from 800G to 
1.6T and eventually to 3.2T bandwidths. 
We currently have strong traction and 
interest sampling our CW DFB lasers to several pluggable transceiver manu -
facturers world-wide. As these trials 
progress, we expect a subset of these 
customers to commit to production 
plans with Sivers lasers in 2027 and 
beyond. The partnership announced 
with high volume foundry Win Semi-
conductor in March 2025 now places 
us in a strong position to meet these 
anticipated volume demands.
Furthermore, Sivers continues to 
develop novel laser technology and 
integrated architectures. In October 
2025 we announced a partnership with 
LIGHTIUM AG funded by the EU project 
INGENIOUS. It will deliver an integrated 
Thin-Film Lithium Niobate (TFLN)  
platform for next generation optical 
transceiver engines with Sivers CW 
lasers and photodetectors integrated 
directly onto TFLN wafers.
11
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025 ANNUAL REPORTPHOTONICS PHOTONICS
12
2025 ANNUAL REPORT SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  
13
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025 ANNUAL REPORTTHE SHARE
The ShareThe Sivers Semiconductors Share
The Sivers Semiconductors share has 
been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm since 
June 10, 2021. Market capitalization as 
of December 31, 2025, amounted to SEK 
1,293 M. 
Share capital
As of December 31, 2025, the share 
capital of Sivers Semiconductors was 
SEK 155.7 M. The number of shares was 
311,333,572. According to the Articles of 
Association, the share capital shall be a 
minimum of SEK 65 M and a maximum of 
SEK 260 M, distributed over a minimum 
of 130,000,000 shares and a maximum 
of 520,000,000 shares. The proportion of 
shares available for trading (free float) at 
year-end was 100 percent. 
Share price performance  
during the year 
During the year, the Sivers Semiconduc -
tors share increased by 31.2 percent, 
compared to the Nasdaq Stockholm 
index, which increased by 9.5 percent. 
The closing price on December 30, 2025, 
was SEK 4.15 per share, corresponding 
to a market capitalization of SEK 1,293 M. 
Share turnover in the year 
The average daily turnover of the Sivers 
Semiconductors share was 1,454,467 
shares. A total of 362 million shares were 
traded in 2025, with a total value of SEK 
1,409 M. The highest closing price for the 
share in 2025 was SEK 5.56 on March 
3, and the lowest closing price was SEK 
2.92 on January 7, 2025. 
Owner and ownership structure
At the end of the year, the ten largest 
shareholders controlled 46.4 (44.6) 
percent of the capital and 43.9 (44.5) 
percent of the votes. The total number of 
shareholders of Sivers Semiconductors 
was approximately 20,000 (20,000).
 
Dividend 
Sivers Semiconductors has not paid 
any dividends to date and follows the 
dividend policy adopted in 2020. The 
Company will continue to focus on growth, which means that available 
financial resources and reported profit 
are reinvested in operations to finance 
the Company’s long-term strategy. The 
Board’s intention is therefore not to 
propose any dividend over the coming 
years.
 
Incentive programs 
Sivers Semiconductors had six 
employee stock option programs at the 
end of the year. Stock option programs 
still active at the end of the period have 
the following terms: 1) 2020–2026, 
2)2022–2027, 3) 2021–2026, 4) 2023–
2028, 5) 2024-2027, 6)2025-2031. Upon 
full conversion of outstanding employee 
stock options, the total number of 
shares will amount to 307,808,572. The 
total number of outstanding employee 
stock options granted as of December 
31, 2025, amounted to 16,475,000 of 
which 1,090,000 have been vested. 
In 2025, a new option program 
P10 was established where the perfor -
mance condition is based on average 
annual growth of the group’s net sales 
2025–2027.
In addition to the option programs, 
a share savings program was estab -
lished in 2022 encompassing the Group management and key personnel within 
the Group. Participants who retain the 
savings shares during the savings period 
2022–2025 and who are also employed 
in the group during the entire savings 
period will, after the end of the savings 
period, be able to receive ordinary 
shares in the company free of charge 
(”performance shares”) provided that 
the performance conditions are met. 
The share savings program includes a 
maximum of 412,500 savings shares, 
which can give the right to a maximum 
of 2,062,500 performance shares. The 
program was settled during 2025.
For more information, see Note 26 
of the Group’s Annual Report.
Board authorization 
The AGM on May 28, 2025 authorized 
the Board, on one or more occasions in 
the period until the next AGM is held, 
with or without departing from share -
holders’ preferential rights, to decide to 
complete new issues of shares and/or 
convertibles which involves the issuance 
or conversion to a total of 47,900,000, 
corresponding to a dilution effect of 
approximately 15 percent of the share 
capital and voting rights, based on the 
total number of shares in the Company.___ Share price ___OMX Stockholm PI  Number of shares traded in thousands per week ■■■J F M A M J J A S O N D5,00010,00015,00020,00025,00030,00035,00040,00045,000
56
4
3
2
1
0 05.56
2.924.15
14
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Directors’ Report
Operations
Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ), company registration number 
556383-9348, is the parent company of a Group comprising the wholly 
owned subsidiaries Sivers Wireless AB, Sivers Photonics Ltd, Trebax 
AB, Sivers Semiconductors Inc and Sivers Semiconductors India Ltd. 
The Group’s operations are conducted primarily through Sivers  
Wireless AB, Sivers Photonics Ltd, Sivers Semiconductors Inc and 
Sivers Semiconductors India Ltd. Sivers Wireless has its head office in 
Kista, Stockholm, and a development office in Gothenburg. Sivers  
Photonics’ head office and manufacturing facility are located in  
Glasgow, Scotland. Sivers Semiconductors Inc. has its head office in 
Chatham, US.
The Sivers Group develops, manufactures and sells energy-efficient 
chips, components, modules and subsystems based on advanced 
semiconductor technology for millimeter-wave (mmWave) systems,  
as well as optical semiconductors for fiber networks, wireless optical 
networks and sensors. MmWave technology and optical semicon -
ductors are central to high-speed networks. The Wireless business 
area focuses on wireless mmWave technology, primarily for satellite 
communications, while the Photonics business area targets AI data 
centers.
Significant events
During 2025, Sivers Semiconductors made significant progress in its 
long-term growth strategy within satellite communications (SATCOM), 
Fixed Wireless Access (FWA), and photonics, while further strengthen -
ing its financial position and industrial partnerships.
Within SATCOM, new program agreements were entered into with 
Intelsat, Doosan, and the European Space Agency, complementing 
existing collaborations with ALL.SPACE, the Company’s single most 
important customer. During 2025, ALL.SPACE achieved Technology 
Readiness Level 6 (TRL 6) for the US Army and has a rapidly expanding 
production pipeline that is expected to result in increased produc -
tion volumes during 2026. Sivers has also made significant progress 
together with several SATCOM user terminal suppliers through joint 
bids relating to IRIS2, the largest planned satellite communications 
infrastructure upgrade program in Europe. Together, these milestones 
underscore the Company’s increasingly important role in SATCOM 
user terminal solutions for both commercial markets and defense 
applications.
The Company secured a major chip development program with a 
leading Tier 1 telecommunications infrastructure supplier. This pro -
gram complements two products already scheduled for launch with 
this customer. New production orders from Tachyon Networks further 
support the Company’s strategy of selectively targeting the most 
promising FWA deployments for commercial applications. 
Sivers has also strengthened its position within the US defense indus -
try through the signing of a CHIPS Act contract with the Northeast 
Microelectronics Coalition Hub. This agreement facilitates access to 
US funding programs and deepens the Company’s integration into a The Board of Directors and the CEO of Sivers Semiconductors AB hereby submit the 
Parent Company and consolidated financial statements for the financial year January 1, 
2025 – December 31, 2025.
critical semiconductor ecosystem focused on domestic capabilities 
and resilience.
Within photonics, Sivers expanded its manufacturing and servicea -
ble market through several strategic partnerships. Collaborations with 
WIN Semiconductors, O-Net Technologies and POET enable scalable, 
high-volume production of DFB laser arrays, as well as external laser 
sources and light engines for AI data centers. The Company’s servicea -
ble markets have now expanded to include pluggable optical intercon -
nects as well as scale-up and scale-out architectures for co-packaged 
optics (CPO). 
Organizationally, Sivers strengthened its management team 
through the appointments of Heine Thorsgaard as Chief Financial 
Officer, Neeraj Chopra as VP of Global Operations and Quality, and 
Raymond Biagan as Chief Revenue Officer. These appointments 
strengthen financial governance, optimize operational efficiency and 
support the Company’s commercial execution as it scales across multi -
ple high-growth end markets.
Capital
In May 2025, Sivers Semiconductors obtained a new loan of USD 12 
million from a US credit institution, while maturing loans were repaid. 
During the first quarter, the Company carried out a directed new share 
issue of 31.7 million shares, corresponding to proceeds of approx -
imately SEK 108 million before transaction costs. During the third 
quarter, the Company carried out a directed new share issue of 25.7 
million shares, corresponding to proceeds of approximately SEK 95 
million before transaction costs.
 At the Annual General Meeting held on May 28, 2025, the Board 
of Directors was authorized, on one or more occasions until the next 
AGM, with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential 
rights, to resolve on new issues of shares and/or convertible instru -
ments resulting in the issuance of, or conversion into, a maximum 
of 47,900,000 ordinary shares, corresponding to a dilution effect of 
approximately 15 percent of the share capital and voting rights, based 
on the total number of shares in the Company.
Recruitment and Board of Directors
On August 8, it was announced that Heine Thorsgaard would assume 
the role of CFO of Sivers Semiconductors.
Comments on operations,  
results and financial position 
The Group’s net sales amounted to SEK 306.6 (219.2) million, an 
increase of SEK 87.4 million or 40% compared with the previous year. 
Wireless net sales increased by SEK 74.0 million, or 53%, while Photon -
ics net sales increased by SEK 13.4 million, or 17%. 
Operating profit amounted to SEK -177.8 (-194.3) million, an 
improvement of SEK 16.5 million. Profit after tax amounted to SEK 
-222.6 (-183.9) million, a decline of SEK 38.7 million. Profit included 
non-recurring items totaling SEK 43.1 million, of which SEK 14.7 million DIRECTORS’ REPORT
15
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025related to strategic projects, SEK 8.5 million to incentive programs, 
SEK 11.5 million to restructuring measures and SEK 8.5 million to a 
cyberattack. Net financial items were negatively affected by exchange 
rate effects, primarily attributable to fluctuations in USD and GBP 
arising from the translation of internal financing. Other comprehensive 
income amounted to SEK -121.8 (70.4) million, a decline of SEK 192.2 
million. The change was attributable to the translation of investments 
in subsidiaries from USD and GBP into SEK.
EBITDA amounted to SEK -93.4 (-68.3) million, a decline of SEK 25.1 
million. EBITDA adjusted for non-recurring items (“adjusted EBITDA”) 
amounted to SEK -50.3 (-51.3) million, an improvement of SEK 1.0 
million. Reconciliations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are provided in 
the table Reconciliation of alternative performance measures.
SEK thousand Jan–Dec 2025 Jan–Dec 2024
Net sales 306,558 219,207
EBITDA1)-93,432 -68,315
Adjusted EBITDA1)-50,304 -51,292
 
1) EBITDA is calculated as earnings before financial items, taxes, depreciation, amortization and 
impairment.
Depreciation, amortization and impairment 
Profit for the period January–December was affected by deprecia -
tion, amortization and impairment losses of SEK 84.4 (126.0) million, 
a decrease of SEK 41.7 million. This included SEK 17.9 (13.7) million 
related to depreciation and impairment of equipment, tools and instal -
lations; SEK 9.1 (51.0) million related to amortization and impairment 
of previously capitalized development expenditure; SEK 53.1 (55.1) 
million related to amortization and impairment of other intangible 
assets; and SEK 4.4 (6.3) million related to depreciation of right-of-use 
assets under lease agreements. 
Income tax
Income tax for the period amounted to SEK 14.6 (19.7) million and 
primarily related to deferred tax on temporary differences
Liquidity, cash flow and financing
As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents 
amounted to SEK 29.7 (17.8) million. In addition to the Group’s cash 
and cash equivalents, short-term investments in restricted bank funds 
amounted to SEK 13.8 (0.0) million. 
During the second quarter, the Group repaid the loans from credit 
institutions that matured in May while simultaneously obtaining a USD 
12 million loan from a US credit institution.
During the period January–December, the Group’s cash flow from 
operating activities amounted to SEK -38.5 (-48.2) million. 
During the same period, two directed new share issues were 
carried out, corresponding to proceeds of SEK 202.8 million before 
transaction costs.
In light of the Group’s development and scaling phase, manage -
ment maintains strict forward-looking liquidity planning, supported by 
detailed rolling cash flow forecasts and scenario analyses. During the 
year, the Group further strengthened its financial position through 
several pre-planned and successfully executed financing measures, 
ensuring increased flexibility heading into 2026.
The Group maintains several processes to further enhance its liquidity position when needed, including the ability to utilize equity 
financing to support future growth initiatives. As part of the annual 
strategic planning process, the Group actively reviews and optimizes 
its long-term capital structure. In addition, a number of measures are 
being implemented to improve working capital, including efforts to 
enhance the commercial terms of customer agreements and initiatives 
to better align customer and supplier payment schedules. These 
measures are designed to further strengthen cash generation and 
support the Group’s liquidity profile.
                                                                
Investments
The Group’s total investments during the period January–December 
amounted to SEK 67.1 (44.1) million and related to intangible assets 
in the form of capitalized development expenditure of SEK 56.7 (27.8) 
million, acquisitions of other intangible assets of SEK 1.7 (7.7) million 
and acquisitions of property, plant and equipment of SEK 8.7 (8.6) 
million. Investments in capitalized development expenditure were 
attributable to the development of new generations of products.
Equity
As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s equity amounted to SEK 949.8 
(1,091.1) million. Share capital amounted to SEK 155.7 (118.8) million.
Employees
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 130 (128) employees, exclud -
ing consultants. 
Material risks and uncertainties
The Sivers Semiconductors Group’s operations, financial position and 
results may be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties. These 
risks may adversely affect the Group’s operations, results and financial 
position.
The risk factors described below are not ranked by importance and 
do not constitute a comprehensive description of all risks to which the 
Group may be exposed.
Internal control over financial reporting
The Group is currently implementing measures to strengthen internal 
control over financial reporting and remediate identified material 
weaknesses. The measures include the introduction of new IT solu -
tions and systems for the preparation of financial reports, implementa -
tion of additional review procedures within the finance and accounting 
function, and the recruitment of additional personnel.  
The Group has also engaged an external advisor to support improve -
ments to accounting processes and procedures, as well as to supple -
ment internal resources in the calculation and reporting processes. 
 Following the identification of material weaknesses, and as part 
of management’s commitment to strengthening internal control over 
financial reporting, management is implementing remedial measures 
under the oversight of the Audit Committee and the Board of Direc -
tors to address the identified material weaknesses. Remediation is 
focused on the following areas:
•  strengthening of the Group’s overall control environment through 
improved governance, clearer roles and responsibilities, and 
enhanced monitoring and oversight mechanisms;
•  redesign and implementation of control activities within the business 
areas, including improved review procedures and clearer allocation 
of responsibilities; andDIRECTORS’ REPORT
16
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
•  further development of accounting and financial reporting systems 
aimed at strengthening the control environment.
See also Internal control over financial reporting in the Corporate 
Governance section.
Market risk
The Group operates globally with customers across several regions of 
the world. As a result, the Group is exposed to risks such as deteriorat -
ing trade policy conditions, changes in regulations between countries, 
limited protection of intellectual property rights, differing accounting 
standards, tax systems and varying payment terms.
The Group operates in a market expected to continue to demon -
strate growth and strong earnings potential in the coming years. 
However, there is a risk that market developments may adversely 
affect the Group due to changes in macroeconomic factors, new regu -
lations, limited protection of intellectual property rights or other factors 
beyond the Group’s control. 
A significant portion of the Group’s revenue is derived from cus -
tomers in the US and the UK. Geopolitical disputes between the US, 
China and Europe may disrupt customers’ supply chains, which in turn 
could hamper the Group’s expansion.
A military conflict between Russia and Ukraine is currently ongoing. 
This has resulted in sanctions, trade restrictions and political tensions.
Sivers Semiconductors currently has no suppliers or customers in 
Russia or Ukraine.
Geopolitical tensions between the US and Iran may contribute to 
increased uncertainty in the global markets in which Sivers operates, 
particularly through volatility in energy prices, currencies and global 
supply chains. For Sivers, increased uncertainty may affect customers’ 
willingness to invest and the timing of larger systems and technology 
projects. As of the reporting date, the conflict had not had any material 
direct impact on the Group’s operations or financial position, although 
developments are continuously monitored as part of the Company’s 
risk management.
However, the uncertainties arising in the market and the global 
economy may affect the Group’s operations through, for example, 
reduced demand for the Group’s products, increased input costs, post -
poned investments in 5G networks, or supply chain problems affecting 
customers and/or suppliers. In the longer term, this could delay the 
Group’s product development and hamper the Group’s expansion.
Technology development risk
The market in which the Group operates is continuously evolving in 
response to customer needs and behavior. There is a risk that the 
results of technological development may not meet the expectations of 
the Group, its customers or the market.  This could in turn result in delayed or canceled market launches of 
parts of, or entire, product categories, leading to lost revenue and/or 
increased development costs. There is also a risk that the Group may 
fail to identify the technical solutions required for a commercial launch, 
or that such objectives may not be achieved within a reasonable time 
frame, which could negatively affect the Group’s operations, earnings 
and financial position.
The Group has a strong research and development focus. An 
established process for project management and follow-up is in place 
to support future profitability. 
The projects involve experienced  partners with contact networks 
that help speed up market launches. The Group also focuses on 
targeted recruitment to attract qualified personnel. Collaborations 
with universities and other institutions provide a strong recruitment 
pipeline.
Competition
Sivers Semiconductors operates within a highly competitive segment 
of the global semiconductor industry, which continuously evolves in 
response to customer needs and behavior. The Group’s competitors 
include large companies with significant research, financial and techni -
cal resources. Different combinations of such resources may provide 
competitors with advantages that enable them to influence industry 
trends. Strong competition from one or more of the Group’s compet -
itors may lead to increased pressure to reduce the Group’s prices, 
higher sales and marketing costs, and loss of market share. In addition, 
there is a risk that competing technologies and products may prove 
to be more effective, safer or less expensive than those developed by 
Sivers Semiconductors. The Group’s competitors may also have access 
to greater manufacturing, marketing and distribution capacity. If the 
Group’s competitors are able to sell more attractive competing prod -
ucts, this may result in reduced revenue or force the Group to adjust 
its pricing in a manner that negatively affects the Group’s margins. 
The products sold by the Group are technically complex. The Group 
has many years of experience in the design and manufacture of these 
products and therefore benefits from a competitive advantage, as the 
products are not easily replicated. The Group’s focus on collaborations 
with larger partners also enables faster market launches and increased 
market share.
Dependence on suppliers, manufacturers and partners
The Group is dependent on partners, manufacturers and subcontrac -
tors to establish and maintain its market position. There is a risk that 
one or more of these partners, suppliers or manufacturers may be 
unwilling to continue their contractual cooperation with the compa -
nies within the Group, or that such suppliers or manufacturers may 
be unable to meet the quality requirements imposed by the Group 
Five-Year Summary – Group
SEK thousand 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Net sales 306,558 219,207 236,334 132,607 90,652
Operating profit -177,788 -194,324 -158,623 -185,096 -140,941
Profit before tax -237,201 -203,618 -175,783 -103,628 -139,012
Total assets 1,330,990 1,502,329 1,505,920 1,571,000 951,379
Equity/assets ratio 71% 73% 80% 79% 84%
Average number of employees 128 124 123 131 117
17
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025companies. Over time, this could negatively affect the Group’s devel -
opment and sales. The Sivers Semiconductors Group works actively 
to maintain existing partnerships and to enter into collaboration or 
supply agreements in order to mitigate this risk.
The Group’s dependence on external parties also entails a risk 
that the Group’s continued profitability may be indirectly affected by 
the business performance of such parties. The Wireless business area 
does not have its own manufacturing operations and instead relies on 
outsourced production. As a result, the business area, which repre -
sents a significant part of the Group’s future strategic focus, is entirely 
dependent on partners and external manufacturers.
The Group’s dependence on external parties increases the vulner -
ability of its operations. Events causing disruptions in the operations 
of any of the Group’s critical collaboration partners, manufacturers or 
subcontractors may result in such parties being unable to fulfill their 
obligations towards the Group, which in turn could also cause material 
disruptions to the Group’s operations. Such disruptions may delay 
product development and launches, as well as limit the Group’s sales 
growth and, consequently, its revenue.
Dependence on customers
More than 50 percent of the Group’s revenue during the 2025 finan -
cial year was derived from three customers. These customers are 
within the Wireless business area. If these customers were to reduce 
or discontinue their purchases, this could negatively affect the Group’s 
revenue over a shorter or longer period, which in turn could adversely 
affect the Group’s operations, earnings and financial position. The 
Group places significant focus on customer satisfaction and on quality 
testing of products prior to delivery. The Group is currently in a growth 
phase, with an established base of customers and potential custom -
ers that may contribute to increased sales in the future. The Group 
continuously works to broaden its customer base in order to reduce 
its dependence on a limited number of customers.
Price risk
The Group’s operations are dependent on certain highly complex 
input materials, and the Group has limited ability to control the pricing 
of the input materials on which it depends. If pricing conditions were 
to deviate significantly from expectations, there is a risk that the 
Group may be unable to secure the quantities of such input materials 
required to conduct its intended manufacturing operations. Increased 
costs for input materials may negatively affect the Group’s margins, 
while difficulties in securing sufficient volumes of input materials may 
result in production constraints and reduced revenue. 
Geopolitical tensions, including the ongoing conflict between the 
US and Iran, may further contribute to volatile pricing levels, dis -
ruptions in global supply chains, and increased transportation and 
insurance costs.
Dependence on key personnel
Board of members, senior executives and other key personnel within 
the Group possess business expertise and specialized technical 
competence of significant importance to the Group and its operations, 
which may be difficult to replace. Sivers Semiconductors’ ability to 
recruit and retain such individuals depends on a number of factors, 
several of which are beyond the Group’s control, including competition 
from other employers in the labor market.
Furthermore, the arrangements and contractual solutions imple -
mented by the Group to retain senior executives and key personnel 
may prove insufficient or have limited effect. If Board members, senior executives or other key personnel were to leave the Group, important 
knowledge and expertise could be lost, potentially resulting in the 
failure to achieve established objectives or negatively affecting the 
implementation of the Group’s business strategy. If such individuals 
leave the Group and cannot be effectively replaced, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and development.
Production-critical systems and facilities
Sivers Semiconductors develops, manufactures and sells chips, com -
ponents, modules and subsystems based on advanced semiconductor 
technology for 5G mmWave networks, as well as optical semicon -
ductors for fiber networks, wireless optical networks and sensors. A 
significant part of the Group’s operations depends on functioning IT 
systems, including systems used for managing customer deliveries 
and conducting research. The Group’s IT systems may be exposed to 
technical disruptions or cyberattacks that could disrupt or damage 
the systems, compromise the protection of confidential information, 
cause data losses that are costly or impossible to remedy, and inter -
rupt operations. Unintentional disclosure of confidential information 
entrusted to the Group by, for example, collaboration partners may 
also result in claims for damages against the Group. The Group also 
operates a production facility in Glasgow, Scotland, which manufac -
tures customized lasers and semiconductor optical amplifiers that 
are critical to the operations of the Photonics business area. Damage 
to production facilities and related logistics chains caused by events 
such as fire, equipment failure, weather conditions, labor disputes or 
natural disasters may have adverse consequences both in the form of 
direct property damage and operational disruptions that hamper the 
Group’s production and may impair its ability to fulfill commitments to 
customers.
Intellectual property rights
Sivers Semiconductors Group holds intellectual property rights of 
significant value. These rights entail a risk that the Group may be 
exposed to theft of information, for example through cyberattacks. 
There is also a risk that the Group may fail to maintain existing patent 
protection, that ongoing patent applications may not be granted, or 
that additional patent protection for future technologies and applica -
tions may not be obtained.
The Group’s competitiveness is largely derived from proprietary 
methods, tools and specialized technical expertise. Among other 
things, the Group’s planned future investments in the 5G network mar -
ket depend on the effective protection of the advanced 5G mmWave 
technology that forms the core of the wireless solutions offered by the 
Group. If the Group is unable to effectively protect its technologies, 
know-how and brand, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s competitive position and market standing.
To protect its intellectual property rights in their various forms, the 
Group relies on protection under laws relating to trade secrets, pat -
ents and copyrights. In addition, the Group enters into confidentiality 
agreements with counterparties and executes agreements containing 
intellectual property protections before sensitive information is dis -
closed. The Group has also implemented controls to prevent cyberat -
tacks and intellectual property theft.
Cyber risks
During 2025, a cyberattack was identified within the Group. The 
incident was managed in accordance with the Company’s internal 
information security procedures and did not result in any material dis -
ruptions to ongoing operations, although it gave rise to certain non-re -DIRECTORS’ REPORT
18
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
curring costs related to the attack. The Group works continuously to 
reduce its exposure to cyber risks through technical, organizational 
and training-related measures. However, it cannot be ruled out that 
future incidents may adversely affect the business.
Acquisitions
Sivers Semiconductors has historically completed a number of acqui -
sitions. For example, Sivers Semiconductors acquired Compound 
Semiconductor Technologies Global Limited (now Sivers Photonics) in 
2017 and MixComm Inc. (now Sivers Semiconductors Inc.) in 2022. In 
addition to risks related to identifying and executing acquisitions, the 
actual acquisition process exposes the Group to risks associated with 
the integration of acquired businesses. There is a risk that acquired 
businesses may not develop as expected.
The implementation of an acquisition and the integration of an 
acquired business may result in unforeseen operational difficulties 
and costs, which could delay the Group’s growth objectives. The inte -
gration of each acquisition completed by the Group involves a number 
of operational and company-specific risks. The assessments and due 
diligence carried out in connection with each acquisition process may 
prove insufficient or inaccurate. For example, the Group may deter -
mine that the acquisition price exceeds the value of the acquisition, 
that there are undisclosed obligations or liabilities relating to the 
acquired company, or that transaction costs exceed expectations. 
There is also a risk that, following completion of an acquisition, the 
Group may fail to retain key employees within the acquired business, 
even though such employees may represent an important part of the 
ongoing operations and facilitate the integration process. Acquisitions 
in new geographic markets also involve risks relating to local laws 
and regulations, the local business climate, and established busi -
ness practices and culture. If conditions change or deviate from the 
Group’s expectations, geographical expansion may expose the Group 
to new or increased risks. Additional potential risks include acquisi -
tions requiring excessive management time and resources, thereby 
reducing the time and resources available for the Group’s ongoing 
operations, or the loss of customers or personnel within the acquired 
business. The integration of acquisitions may become more costly or 
time-consuming than expected, fail altogether, or otherwise have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations.
Share price risk
Sivers Semiconductors AB has employee stock options outstanding 
relating to its own shares. The provision for social security contri -
butions is measured at fair value as of the reporting date, and the 
payment to the Swedish Tax Agency upon allocation of shares under 
the option programs is calculated based on the market value of the 
shares allocated, which is determined by the share price. An increase 
in the share price of SEK 10 compared with the share price at the 
reporting date would increase the cost of social security contributions 
by approximately SEK 5.6 million, based on the number of outstanding 
options as of December 31, 2025. 
Under the option programs, Sivers Semiconductors is authorized 
to issue warrants or alternatively sell treasury shares in order to hedge 
the cash flow risk associated with the social security contributions 
relating to the options.Financial risks and risks related to going concern
The Sivers Group is exposed to financial risks such as currency risk, 
interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s financial 
risk management is overseen by the Board of Directors and Group 
management, which continuously monitor and evaluate risks. Group 
management places particular focus on liquidity risk. The Group is 
currently in a development and scaling phase and has not yet achieved 
an earnings capacity through sales revenue sufficient to fully cover the 
Group’s development plans and operating costs. This means that the 
Group’s ability to implement its established business plan depends on 
its continued ability to obtain additional capital and/or carry out other 
financing measures to the extent necessary. Management uses rolling 
cash flow forecasts and scenario analyses and implements measures 
to secure financing and liquidity, such as share issues, borrowings, 
and cost and working capital measures, in order to ensure sufficient 
liquidity. If these measures are not implemented as planned, or if 
market conditions deteriorate, additional financing may need to be 
secured. Accordingly, there is a material risk and uncertainty factor 
that the Group and the Parent Company may not be able to continue 
operations to the planned extent. The Group and the Parent Company 
have prepared their financial statements on a going concern basis. 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk, primarily relating to 
USD, GBP and EUR, as a significant portion of sales is denominated in 
USD, while purchases are primarily made in GBP, EUR and SEK. As the 
Group has the subsidiary Sivers Photonics Ltd in the UK and the sub -
sidiary Sivers Semiconductors Inc. in the US, the Group is also exposed 
to translation exposure from GBP to SEK and USD to SEK. 
Further information regarding financial risks and risk management 
is presented in Note 29 Financial instruments.
Research and Development
Research and development are a central part of the Group’s opera -
tions and are conducted in Kista, Gothenburg, Glasgow and Chatham. 
The development process follows the Group’s project model, which 
is ISO 9001:2015 certified and has been developed over many years. 
During the year, SEK 56.7 (27.8) million in development costs relating 
to projects in the development phase were capitalized.
Related party transactions
Remuneration of senior executives is presented in Note 30.
Outlook for 2026 
The Board of Directors believes that the Group is well positioned 
for continued development within its prioritized markets. Future 
developments are expected to be influenced by ongoing customer 
discussions, continued technological development and market 
demand, while the business remains subject to customary business 
and execution risks. The Board of Directors has chosen not to provide 
a forecast for 2026.
Parent Company
During the first half of the year, the Parent Company repaid the loans 
from credit institutions that matured in May 2025. Net financial items 
were negatively affected by impairment of shares in subsidiaries 
as a result of an intra-Group transaction, while interest and similar 
expenses were negatively affected by foreign exchange remeasure -
ment of internal financing, primarily from GBP and USD into SEK.
19
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025The share and ownership structure
As of December 31, 2025, the share capital of Sivers Semiconduc -
tors consisted of 311,333,572 (237,646,796) shares with a quota 
value of SEK 0.50 per share. These shares comprised 296,534,751 
(237,646,796) ordinary shares carrying 1.0 vote each and 14,798,821 
(0) Class C shares carrying 0.1 votes each. 
Since June 10, 2021, the share has been traded on Nasdaq  
Stockholm under the ticker SIvE, with ISIN code SE0003917798 and  
LEI code 254900UBKNY2EJ588J53.
As of December 31, 2025, Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ) had 
two shareholders that each, directly or indirectly, held shares rep -
resenting five percent or more of the voting rights and share capital 
of the Company. In total, Sivers Semiconductors had approximately 
20,000 shareholders. The Company’s largest shareholder, Erik Fäll -
ström, held shares representing 13.86 percent of the voting rights in 
the Company.
The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid for the 
2025 financial year.Proposed appropriation of earnings (SEK)
The following earnings are at the disposal of  
the Annual General Meeting
Share premium reserve 2,004,621,402
Retained earnings   -578,489,564
Profit for the year    -95,385,965
Total 1,330,745,873
To be carried forward 1,330,745,873
With regard to the Parent Company’s and the Group’s results and 
financial position in all other respects, reference is made to the follow -
ing financial statements and accompanying notes. Unless otherwise 
stated, all amounts are presented in thousands of Swedish kronor.
Significant events after  
the end of the financial year  
On February 24, 2026, Sivers Semiconductors AB entered into an 
agreement regarding a loan facility totaling USD 17.0 million with Boot -
strap Europe 4.0 S.à r.l.
The loan facility consists of a secured loan of USD 5.0 million and 
a secured convertible loan of USD 12.0 million. In connection with 
the refinancing, the Group’s existing external loans totaling SEK 102.8 
million were repaid. On April 16, 2026, the Board of Directors resolved 
on a directed new share issue of 8,620,000 ordinary shares, corre -
sponding to approximately SEK 125 million before transaction costs. 
The share issue was approved at an Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on May 11, 2026.DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Annual General Meeting held in May 2025 resolved on the  
following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives:
Scope and applicability
These guidelines apply to the CEO and members of Group manage -
ment. Remuneration under employment arrangements governed by 
rules other than Swedish regulations may be adjusted to comply with 
mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account the 
overall purpose of these guidelines.
The guidelines apply to remuneration agreed, and amendments 
to remuneration already agreed, after the guidelines were adopted by 
the 2025 AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration resolved 
upon or approved by the the shareholders’ meeting. The guidelines 
will not be amended at the upcoming Annual General Meeting.Promotion of Sivers’ business strategy,  
long-term interests and sustainability
The Sivers Group is an international supplier of advanced semiconduc -
tor chips for Satcom and 5G systems for telecommunications networks, 
as well as semiconductor lasers for optical fiber networks, sensors and 
optical communication systems. The guidelines promote the Company’s 
business strategy, long-term interests and sustainability.
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s 
business strategy and long-term interests, including sustainability, is 
the Company’s ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this 
end, it is necessary for the Company to offer competitive remuneration. 
These guidelines enable Group management to be offered a competi -
tive total remuneration package.
Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim 
to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests, 
including sustainability.Guidelines for remuneration of senior executives
20
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Forms of remuneration
Remuneration shall be market-based and may consist of the following 
components: fixed cash salary, variable cash remuneration, pension 
benefits and other benefits. In addition, the shareholders’ meeting 
may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on share-based or 
share price-related remuneration.
Fulfillment of the criteria for variable cash remuneration shall be 
measured over a period of one or more years. For the CEO, variable 
cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 200 percent of 
the total fixed cash salary during the measurement period. For other 
senior executives, variable cash remuneration may not exceed 125 
percent of the total fixed cash salary during the measurement period.
For the CEO, pension benefits, including health insurance, shall 
be defined contribution. Variable cash remuneration shall not be 
pensionable. Premiums for defined contribution pension plans shall 
amount to no more than 35 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.
For other senior executives, pension benefits, including health 
insurance, shall be defined contribution. Contributions to defined con -
tribution pension plans and the definition of pensionable salary shall 
be governed by the Company’s pension and insurance policy adopted 
by the Board of Directors and shall depend on age, fixed cash salary, 
years of employment and parts of the variable cash remuneration. 
Contributions to defined contribution pension plans may amount to 
a maximum of 25 percent of the fixed annual cash salary and a maxi -
mum of 30 percent of pensionable salary.
Other benefits may include, for example, life insurance, health 
insurance, accident insurance and company cars. Such benefits may 
amount to a maximum of 5 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.
Termination of employment
If termination of employment is initiated by the senior executive, the 
notice period may not exceed six months and no severance pay shall 
apply. If termination of employment is initiated by the Company, the 
notice period may not exceed twelve months for the CEO and six 
months for other senior executives. Fixed cash salary during the notice 
period and severance pay may together not exceed an amount corre -
sponding to eighteen months’ fixed cash salary.
Compensation may also be paid for non-compete undertakings. 
Such compensation shall compensate for loss of income and shall only 
be paid to the extent that the former senior executive is not entitled to 
severance pay. The compensation shall amount to a maximum of 60 
percent of the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employ -
ment and shall be paid during the period in which the non-compete 
undertaking applies, but for no more than twelve months following 
termination of employment.
Criteria for variable cash remuneration
Variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and 
measurable criteria, which may be financial or non-financial and 
consist of individualized quantitative or qualitative objectives. The 
objectives shall be designed to contribute to the Company’s business 
strategy and long-term interests, including sustainability, for example 
by being clearly linked to the business strategy. At least 70 percent of 
variable remuneration for senior executives shall be based on meas -
urable financial targets, such as, but not limited to, a combination of 
revenue and earnings.
The extent to which the criteria for variable cash remuneration 
have been satisfied shall be evaluated after the end of the measure -
ment period. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for eval -uating variable remuneration for the CEO and CFO and shall submit 
its proposal to the Board of Directors for approval. With respect to 
variable cash remuneration for other senior executives, the CEO is 
responsible for the evaluation and the Remuneration Committee for 
approval. For financial targets, the evaluation shall be based on the 
latest financial information published by the Company.
Allocation of variable cash remuneration shall be made at the 
discretion of the Board of Directors. Terms and conditions for variable 
remuneration shall be designed so that the Board of Directors has:  
a) the right to limit payment, in whole or in part, due to the Company’s 
financial position, the performance of the executive or business unit, 
changes in the Company’s business strategy, unintended conse -
quences arising from the measurement criteria for variable cash 
remuneration, or exceptional economic circumstances where such 
action is deemed reasonable; and b) the right to withhold or reclaim 
paid variable remuneration from senior executives if such remuner -
ation is subsequently found to have been incorrectly awarded due to 
improper actions or negligence.
The Board of Directors is entitled to limit or refrain from payment 
of variable remuneration to senior executives if a senior executive has 
breached or failed to comply with the Company’s codes of conduct.
Salary and employment terms for employees
In preparing the Board of Directors’ proposal for these remuneration 
guidelines, salary and employment conditions for the Company’s 
employees have been taken into consideration by including informa -
tion regarding employees’ total income, the components of remuner -
ation, and increases and growth rates over time in the Remuneration 
Committee’s and the Board of Directors’ basis for evaluation when 
assessing whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are 
reasonable.
Decision-making process for determining, reviewing 
and implementing the guidelines
The Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. 
The Committee’s duties include preparing the Board’s decisions 
regarding proposals for guidelines for remuneration of senior 
executives. The Board of Directors shall prepare proposals for new 
guidelines at least every fourth year and submit such proposals to the 
Annual General Meeting. The guidelines shall remain in effect until new 
guidelines are adopted by the AGM.  
 The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate 
variable remuneration programs for management, the application of 
the guidelines for remuneration of senior executives, and the current 
remuneration structures and remuneration levels within the Company. 
The CEO and other members of Group management do not partici -
pate in the Board of Directors’ consideration of, or decisions regarding, 
remuneration-related matters insofar as they are affected by such 
matters.
Deviation from the Guidelines
The Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the 
guidelines, in whole or in part, if there are special reasons for doing so 
in an individual case and such deviation is necessary to safeguard the 
Company’s long-term interests, including sustainability, or to ensure 
the Company’s financial viability. As stated above, the duties of the 
Remuneration Committee include preparing the Board of Directors’ 
decisions on remuneration-related matters. This includes any deci -
sions to deviate from the guidelines.
21
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Corporate governance refers to the systems through which sharehold -
ers, directly or indirectly, govern the Company. For Sivers Semiconduc -
tors AB (“Sivers” or the “Company”), whose operations are to a large 
extent based on development activities aimed at generating future 
revenue and earnings, sound corporate governance is not only a 
matter of ensuring effective governance of the organization itself, but 
is also an important part of the core business.
Sivers is a Swedish public limited liability company with its regis -
tered office in Stockholm, Sweden. The governance of the Company is 
based on the Swedish Companies Act, the Articles of Association, the 
obligations arising from the Company’s listing on Nasdaq Stockholm, 
the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”), and other appli -
cable laws and regulations. Corporate governance comprises a frame -
work of rules and a decision-making structure designed to ensure 
controlled management of a company’s operations, with the objective 
of meeting shareholders’ requirements for return on invested capital.
Sivers strives to maintain a high standard through clarity and 
simplicity in its management systems and governing documents. The 
governance, management and control of Sivers are exercised through 
the shareholders at the AGM, the Board of Directors, the CEO and 
the auditors in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act and the 
Articles of Association. Increased openness and transparency provide 
good insight into the Company’s operations, thereby contributing to 
effective governance.
Sivers’ application of the Code
The Company has not deviated from the Code, the Nasdaq Stockholm 
Rulebook or generally accepted practices in the securities market. Fur -
thermore, the Company has not been subject to any decisions by the 
Nasdaq Stockholm Disciplinary Committee or any statements by the 
Swedish Securities Council concerning breaches of generally accepted 
practices in the securities market.
Shareholders
Sivers’ share has been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm since June 10, 
2021. As of December 31, 2025, the share capital of Sivers amounted 
to SEK 155,666,786, divided into 296,534,751 ordinary shares and 
14,798,821 Class C shares, each with a quota value of SEK 0.50. At 
year-end, the number of shareholders amounted to approximately 
20,000.  At year-end, approximately 20 percent of the shares were 
held by Swedish institutional investors. Of the shares, 98 percent 
were nominee-registered and 2 percent were directly registered. As 
of December 31, 2025, the Company’s largest shareholder, Avanza 
Pension, held shares representing 11.52 percent of the voting rights. 
Apart from this, the Company had no shareholder whose holding 
represented more than 10 percent of the total voting rights attached 
to all shares in the Company.
Annual General Meeting
The AGM is the Company’s highest decision-making body. The AGM 
elects the Company’s Board of Directors and auditors, adopts the 
financial statements, resolves on the appropriation of earnings and 
decides on discharge from liability for the Board and the CEO. The 
AGM also addresses other matters that are mandatory under the 
Swedish Companies Act and the Articles of Association. All shares in 
Sivers carry equal voting rights, and the Articles of Association contain 
no limitations regarding how many votes each shareholder may cast Corporate Governance
at the AGM. The 2025 AGM was held on May 28 in Stockholm. Notice 
of the AGM was published on April 29, 2025. Shareholders repre -
senting 11.58 percent of the shares and voting rights in the Company 
attended the AGM. 
Resolutions
The principal resolutions passed at the 2025 AGM  
are set out below:
Re-election of Board members Erik Fällström, Karin Raj, Keith Halsey, 
Tomas Duffy, Bami Bastani and Todd Thomson. Re-election of Bami 
Bastani as Chairman of the Board and Tomas Duffy as Vice Chairman. 
Re-election of Deloitte AB as the Company’s auditor, with Alexandros 
Kouvatsos appointed Auditor in Charge. Minutes and other documen -
tation from the AGM are available on the Company’s website:  
www.sivers-semiconductors.com.
Authorization of the Board of Directors:
At the Annual General Meeting held on May 28, 2025, the Board of 
Directors was unanimously authorized, on one or more occasions 
until the next AGM, with or without deviation from the shareholders’ 
preferential rights, to resolve on new issues of shares and/or con -
vertible instruments resulting in the issuance of, or conversion into, a 
maximum of 47,900,000 ordinary shares, corresponding to a dilution 
effect of approximately 15 percent of the share capital and voting 
rights, based on the total number of shares in the Company. Payment 
for subscribed shares and/or convertible instruments may be made in 
cash, in kind or by set-off. 
The AGM further resolved unanimously to authorize the Board of 
Directors, on one or more occasions until the next AGM, to resolve on 
a new issue of no more than 11,100,000 Class C shares, each with a 
quota value of SEK 0.50, corresponding to approximately 4.1 percent 
of the share capital and voting rights in the Company after dilution.  
 The intention is that the Board may transfer the Class C shares in 
order to hedge the liquidity impact of social security contributions 
attributable to the incentive programs. The new shares may, with 
deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights, be subscribed for 
by a bank or securities company at a subscription price corresponding 
to the quota value. 
The purpose of the authorization, and the reasons for deviating 
from the shareholders’ preferential rights in connection with the share 
issue, are to ensure delivery of shares to participants in the Company’s 
outstanding incentive programs and to hedge the liquidity impact of 
payments relating to social security contributions. Prior to the transfer 
of shares to participants exercising employee stock options, the Board 
of Directors will resolve to convert the Class C shares into ordinary 
shares. 
The AGM further resolved unanimously to authorize the Board of 
Directors, on one or more occasions until the next AGM, to resolve 
on repurchases of Class C shares. Repurchases may only be made 
through an offer directed to all holders of Class C shares and shall 
comprise all outstanding Class C shares. Acquisitions shall be made at 
a price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. Payment for 
acquired shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the repur -
chase is to ensure delivery of shares to participants in the Company’s 
outstanding incentive programs and to hedge the liquidity impact of 
payments relating to social security contributions attributable to such 
incentive programs. Prior to the delivery of shares to participants, or DIRECTORS’ REPORT
22
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
the transfer of ordinary shares to hedge payments relating to social 
security contributions, the Board will resolve to convert the Class C 
shares into ordinary shares in accordance with the provisions of the 
Articles of Association. The AGM further resolved to authorize the 
Board of Directors, on one or more occasions until the next AGM, to 
transfer treasury ordinary shares in accordance with the following. 
Transfers of ordinary shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm, 
provided that the Company’s ordinary shares have been admitted to 
trading on such regulated market, at a price within the registered price 
interval at the relevant time, meaning the interval between the highest 
bid price and the lowest ask price. Transfers may be made of no more 
than the number of ordinary shares required for the Company to 
hedge the liquidity impact of social security contributions attributa -
ble to outstanding incentive programs in the Company. Transfers of 
shares may also be made outside Nasdaq Stockholm to a bank or 
securities company, with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential 
rights. Such transfers may be made at a price corresponding to the 
market price of the ordinary shares transferred at the time of the 
transfer, subject to such market-based discount as the Board deems 
appropriate. The authorization may be exercised on one or more 
occasions, but no later than the next AGM.
Nomination Committee
Provisions regarding the establishment of a Nomination Committee 
are set out in the Code. 
The Nomination Committee is the body of the Annual General  
Meeting whose sole task is to prepare the Meeting’s decisions 
regarding election and remuneration matters and, where applicable, 
procedural matters relating to the next Nomination Committee. At 
the AGM held on May 19, 2020, it was resolved to adopt principles for 
the appointment of the Nomination Committee and instructions for 
the Nomination Committee to apply until further notice. According 
to these principles, the Nomination Committee shall consist of four 
members – one member appointed by each of the three largest share -
holders in terms of voting rights and the Chairman of the Board. The 
Nomination Committee shall be constituted based on shareholder sta -
tistics from Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August 
preceding the AGM and other reliable ownership information provided 
to the Company at that time. 
In determining which shareholders constitute the three largest 
shareholders in terms of voting rights, a group of shareholders shall 
be regarded as one shareholder if they (i) are grouped as owners 
in the Euroclear Sweden system or (ii) have publicly disclosed and 
notified the Company in writing that they have entered into a written 
agreement to adopt a long-term common approach regarding the 
management of the Company through the coordinated exercise of 
voting rights. The Chairman of the Board shall, as soon as possible 
after information regarding the largest shareholders in terms of voting 
rights has become available, contact the largest shareholders to 
determine whether they wish to appoint members to the Nomination 
Committee. If one or more of the three largest shareholders in terms 
of voting rights decline to appoint a member to the Nomination Com -
mittee, the Chairman of the Board shall offer other major sharehold -
ers the opportunity to appoint a member to the  Committee. If such 
an offer is made, it shall be made in order to the shareholders with the 
largest voting rights. The names of the members of the Nomination 
Committee and the names of the shareholders who appointed them 
shall be disclosed no later than six months prior to the AGM. At its first 
meeting, the Nomination Committee shall appoint a Chair from among 
its members. The Chairman of the Board shall convene the first meet -ing of the Nomination Committee. Unless the members agree other -
wise, the Chair of the Nomination Committee shall be the member 
appointed by the shareholder holding the largest number of voting 
rights. The term of office of the Nomination Committee shall continue 
until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed. If any of the 
shareholders that appointed a member to the Nomination Committee 
disposes of a significant portion of its shares in the Company before 
the Committee has completed its assignment, the Committee may 
resolve that the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign 
and be replaced by a new member appointed by the shareholder 
that, at the relevant time, is the largest shareholder in terms of voting 
rights not already represented on the Nomination Committee. The 
Nomination Committee shall also be entitled to resolve to increase 
the number of members of the Nomination Committee and may, in 
such case, offer additional major shareholders the opportunity to 
appoint members to the Nomination Committee in order to better 
reflect the current ownership structure of the Company or to maintain 
continuity in the work of the Nomination Committee. A shareholder 
that has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall 
have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member. A 
shareholder shall also have the right to appoint a new member if the 
member appointed by that shareholder resigns from the Nomination 
Committee. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee 
shall be disclosed as soon as possible.
In all other respects, the Nomination Committee shall perform the 
duties assigned to it under the Code. No remuneration is paid to the 
members of the Nomination Committee. At the request of the Nom -
ination Committee, the Company shall provide personnel resources, 
such as secretarial services, in order to facilitate the work of the Nom -
ination Committee. Where necessary, the Company shall also bear 
reasonable costs for external consultants deemed necessary by the 
Nomination Committee in order for the Committee to fulfill its duties.
During the year, the Nomination Committee consisted of Jörgen 
Durban, Chair of the Nomination Committee, appointed by Erik Fäll -
ström, Todd Thomson, appointed by Kairos Ventures, André Netzén 
Örn, appointed by Cicero Fonder, and Bami Bastani, Chairman of the 
Board of Sivers.
Board of Directors
Responsibilities and duties of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is the Company’s highest decision-making 
body after the AGM. The Board of Directors is also the Company’s 
highest executive body and the Company’s representative. Further -
more, pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act, the Board of Directors 
is responsible for the Company’s organization and the management 
of the Company’s affairs. The Board shall continuously assess the 
financial position of the Company and the Sivers Group (the “Group”) 
and ensure that the Company’s organization is structured in such a 
way that the accounting, management of funds and the Company’s 
financial affairs in general are controlled in a satisfactory manner. The 
Chairman of the Board has a special responsibility to lead the work of 
the Board of Directors and to ensure that the Board fulfills its statutory 
duties.
The duties of the Board of Directors include establishing the Com -
pany’s overall objectives and strategies, overseeing major investments, 
ensuring that satisfactory controls are in place for the Company’s com -
pliance with laws and other regulations applicable to the Company’s 
operations, and ensuring compliance with internal guidelines.
The Board’s duties also include ensuring that the Company’s dis -
closure of information to the market and investors is characterized by 
23
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025DIRECTORS’ REPORT
openness and is accurate, relevant and reliable, as well as appointing, 
evaluating and, where necessary, dismissing the Company’s CEO.
Composition of the Board
The Board of Directors has its registered office in Stockholm. Accord -
ing to the Company’s Articles of Association, the Board shall consist of 
a minimum of three and a maximum of nine members, with no more 
than seven deputy members. Bami Bastani served as Chairman of the 
Board during the period January–December 2025. During the same 
period, the Board of Directors consisted of Bami Bastani (Chairman), 
Tomas Duffy (Vice Chairman), Erik Fällström, Todd Thomson, Karin Raj 
and Keith Halsey.
Board members are elected at the AGM for the period until the 
next AGM. There is no limit to the length of time a member may serve 
on the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors currently consists 
of four ordinary members elected for the period until the next AGM. 
The composition of the Board, with members possessing diverse 
backgrounds and broad combined experience, ensures that the Board 
collectively has the expertise required for its work, including matters 
relating to strategy, company building, corporate management, struc -
tural transactions and governance. This also means that management 
benefits from the individual expertise of Board members in areas such 
as market development, sales and financing.
The Board’s work during the year
The Board of Directors meets regularly in accordance with a schedule 
established in the rules of procedure, which includes certain recurring 
agenda items as well as agenda items addressed as needed. During 
2025, the Board of Directors held eight ordinary Board meetings, Board of Directors and Management  
of Sivers Semiconductors
Sivers Semiconductors
Board of Directors
Dr. Bami Bastani,  
Chairman
Group management
Vickram Vathulya,  CEO
Group Management
Heine Thorsgaard,  CFOAudit Committee
Investment Committee
Remuneration 
Committeefifteen extraordinary Board meetings and one statutory Board meet -
ing. Matters requiring more in-depth analysis and discussion were 
prepared within the respective committees.
On certain occasions, the agenda included an item allowing the 
Board to hold discussions without representatives of management 
being present.
Minutes from these meetings are recorded in the form of reso -
lutions and are maintained by the Company’s CFO, who also serves 
as Secretary to the Board. Prior to each Board meeting, the Board of 
Directors receives written materials forming the basis for the discus -
sions and decisions to be addressed.
At each ordinary Board meeting, updates are provided regarding 
the business situation, market developments, competitive landscape 
and financial performance. During the year, matters relating to organ -
ization, competency requirements and acquisition-related matters 
were also addressed. Throughout the year, the Board also receives 
regular reports from the CEO. These reports address market develop -
ments, operations and financial performance. 
The Board’s Rules of Procedure
The Board operates in accordance with written rules of procedure 
established pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act, which are 
evaluated, updated and re-adopted annually. The rules of procedure 
govern the allocation of responsibilities between the Board of Direc -
tors and its committees, as well as between the Board of Directors and 
the CEO. According to the rules of procedure, the Board shall resolve 
on business objectives, strategy and overall organization, appoint the 
CEO and evaluate the CEO’s performance, establish guidelines for 
the Company’s conduct in society in order to achieve long-term value 
creation, adopt the annual report and other external financial reports, 
key policies and authorization procedures, establish rules for internal 
control, monitor the effectiveness of internal control and evaluate the 
work of the Board.
The Board has established an Audit Committee in accordance 
with the Swedish Companies Act and a Remuneration Committee in 
accordance with the Code. In addition, the Board has established an 
Investment Committee.
Evaluation of the Board’s work
The Board of Directors shall annually evaluate its work during the year 
in order to support the continued development of an effective Board 
for the Company. The annual Board evaluation is conducted by having 
the Board members complete a questionnaire containing a number of 
questions, with the opportunity to provide their own comments.  The 
responses are compiled by the Chairman of the Board, after which a 
discussion and evaluation of the Board’s work take place in connection 
Independent of:
Board Fees 2025  
(SEK thousand)Fees for work  
beyond Board dutiesAttendance at  
Board Meetings 2025Sivers Semiconductors  
and senior executives Major shareholders
Bami Bastani Yes Yes 1,730 – 24/24
Tomas Duffy Yes Yes   700 – 24/24
Erik Fällström Yes No   375 – 18/24
Todd Thomson Yes Yes   475 – 23/24
Keith Halsey Yes Yes   380 – 20/24
Karin Raj Yes Yes   425 – 24/24
24
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
with a Board meeting. The most recent evaluation was conducted on 
May 10, 2022. The conclusions from the evaluation are reported to the 
Nomination Committee and also result in improvements to the Board’s 
working methods.
Audit Committee
During the period January–August 2025, the Audit Committee con -
sisted of Todd Thomson (Chair) and Tomas Duffy. During the period 
September–December, the Audit Committee consisted of Todd Thom -
son (Chair), Tomas Duffy and Karin Raj. The Audit Committee held five 
meetings during 2025, one of which was conducted per capsulam. 
The Audit Committee also met with the Company’s auditors. Matters 
addressed during 2025 included governing documents, internal 
control, financing matters, cash flow, financial reporting and financial 
systems, as well as matters relating to the Company’s interim reports. 
The work of the Committee also included reviewing the outcome of 
the audit of the operations performed by the auditor elected by the 
AGM and evaluation of the audit. 
Remuneration Committee
During the period January–December 2025, the Remuneration 
Committee consisted of Tomas Duffy (Chair), Erik Fällström and Todd 
Thomson. During the year, the Remuneration Committee prepared 
proposals for incentive programs presented at the AGM held on May 
28, 2025. In addition, the Committee prepared proposals regarding 
salary, other remuneration and employment terms for the CEO and 
prepared the Board of Directors’ decisions regarding proposals for 
guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. During the year, 
the Remuneration Committee held two meetings. All members of the 
Remuneration Committee attended all meetings.
 
Investment Committee
During the period January–December 2025, the Investment Commit -
tee consisted of Karin Raj (Chair), Keith Halsey and Bami Bastani. The 
task of the Investment Committee is to evaluate potential, ongoing and 
completed investments for Sivers, including acquisitions. During the 
year, the Committee worked on analyses and more in-depth assess -
ments relating to upcoming investments. The Investment Committee 
held four meetings during the year. All members of the Investment 
Committee attended all meetings except one.
Auditors
The Company’s auditor, Deloitte AB, was elected at the AGM held on 
May 28, 2025, with Alexandros Kouvatsos appointed Auditor in Charge. 
During the year, in addition to auditing the Company’s financial state -
ments, the Company’s auditor also performed a limited review of the 
interim report for the period January–September 2025.Internal control over financial reporting 
In order to ensure that the financial reporting at each reporting date 
provides a true and fair view, control activities are in place involving all 
levels of the organization, from the Board of Directors and execu -
tive management to other employees. Financial controls within the 
Company’s business processes include approval of business transac -
tions, daily account reconciliations, analytical reviews of the income 
statement and balance sheet, and follow-up of decisions made. The 
Board of Directors and the Audit Committee review all interim reports 
prior to publication.
The Board of Directors and management continuously monitor the 
effectiveness of internal control in order to ensure the quality of the 
financial reporting processes. The Company’s financial position and 
strategy relating to its financial position are addressed at each Board 
meeting, at which the Board receives detailed reports regarding the 
development of the business.
Sivers Semiconductors is the Parent Company of the Group, which 
as of December 31, 2025 consisted of five wholly owned subsidiaries: 
the Swedish companies Sivers Wireless AB and Trebax AB, the Scottish 
company Sivers Photonics Ltd, the US company Sivers Semiconductors 
Inc. and the Indian company Sivers Semiconductors India Ltd. The 
Swedish Parent Company is responsible for Group-wide functions 
such as finance, investor relations and IT. The Group’s operational 
activities are conducted primarily within the two business areas 
Wireless (Sivers Wireless AB, Sivers Semiconductors Inc. and Sivers 
Semiconductors India Ltd.) and Photonics (Sivers Photonics Ltd). Sivers 
operates in Sweden, Scotland, the United States and India. In order 
to operate efficiently, Sivers has a flat organization that supports local 
conditions in each market and the stage of development of each com -
pany. The business areas report the results and operational perfor -
mance of each unit to Group management on an ongoing basis.
Group management consists of the CEO and CFO, who maintain 
ongoing contact and meetings regarding operational matters relating 
to the monthly follow-up of the business, results, financial position and 
key figures.
During 2025, the following focus areas were discussed within Group 
management:
•  Strategy and R&D
•  Sales
•  Development of new products and services
•  Operational efficiency and profitability improvements
•  Liquidity
Investment decisions and matters relating to external financing are 
handled by the Board and the Investment Committee.
25
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Dr. Bami Bastani 
Chairman
Born:  1953  
Elected to the Board:  2024 
Education: PhD in Microelectronics, Ohio State University.
Other Board assignments:  Executive Chairman of Sivers Semicon -
ductors Inc.; Board member of IQE PLC; Chairman of the Advisory Board of 
Lumeova Inc.; Founder of B2 Global Consulting (June 17, 2010). 
Previous Board assignments: Aquantia (NYSE: AQ),  
Global Semiconductor Alliance (GSA) , Glowpoint Inc. (OT.GLOW), SkyCross 
(private), CorMedix (NASDAQ: CRMD), Globespanvirata (NASDAQ: GSPN), 
MERU Networks (NASDAQ: MERU), Trident Microsystems (NASDAQ: TRID), 
ANADIGICS (NASDAQ: ANAD), Nitronex Corporation (private) and VSSB 
Medical Nano Technologies (private).
Other experience: Senior Vice President and General Manager of the 
Mobile and Wireless Infrastructure Business Unit at GlobalFoundries; 
President, CEO and Board member of Meru Networks, Trident 
Microsystems, and ANADIGICS Inc. 
Independent of Sivers Semiconductors and its management:  No.
Independent of the Company’s major shareholders:  Yes.
Shareholding, including holdings by related parties,  
as of December 31, 2025: 775,000 shares and 625,000 options.
Country of residence: US
Tomas Duffy 
Vice Chairman 
Born: 1955 
Elected to the Board: 2016 
Education: Licentiate of Engineering – KTH Royal Institute of Technology.
Other Board assignments: Board member, Stella Tech AB.
Previous Board assignments: CST Global Ltd, Styrelseordförande,  
Qall Telcom AB, Telia Norge; Styrelseledamot, Trio AB, Telenor AB, Svenska 
IT-Institutet. Limited partner, Sevenco KB. 
Other experience: Acting Director General of the Swedish Export Credit 
Agency (EKN); Head of Large Corporates at EKN; Senior Executive Vice 
President, Telia, responsible for mobile and fixed telecommunications; 
CEO, Mannesmann International Telecom, Net Insight, Halogen AB and AU 
System Communication AB.
Independent of Sivers Semiconductors and its management: Yes.
Independent of the Company’s major shareholders: Yes.
Shareholding, including holdings by related parties,  
as of December 31, 2025: 1,190,000 shares and 0 options.
Country of residence: SwedenBoard of DirectorsBOARD OF DIRECTORS
Erik Fällström 
Board member
Born: 1961 
Elected to the Board: 2017 
Education: Stockholm School of Economics.
Other Board assignments: EDC Advisors Ltd, Omnio London Ltd.,  
& Achilles Capital AB.
Previous Board assignments: Board member, Olympus S.A.,  
Hoist Kredit AB, CST Global Ltd.
Other experience:  Co-founder and former 40% owner of Hoist Finance; 
co-founder of Arkwright Capital, which later developed into European 
Digital Capital. Has more than 40 years of combined experience in manage-
 ment consulting, corporate finance, venture capital and private equity.
Independent of Sivers Semiconductors and its management: Yes.
Independent of the Company’s major shareholders: Yes.
Shareholding, including holdings by related parties,  
as of December 31, 2025: 32,684,140 shares held privately and through 
associated companies, and 0 options.
Country of residence: Switzerland

26
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Keith Desmond Halsey 
Board member
Born: 1957 
Elected to the Board: 2024
Education: Imperial College, London.
Other Board assignments: None 
Previous Board assignments: ST/Sivers Ima; Chairman, CST and Board 
member of the combined group; Chairman, Boss and Co, Demeter Technol -
ogies Inc.
Other experience: Co-founder and shareholder, The Waterford Distillery 
Co., Ireland; Managing Partner, Energicon Argentina; CEO and shareholder 
of Venda Ltd UK; Co-founder, Director and shareholder of Myacom Ltd, UK; 
CEO and founder of Lyte-Optronics Inc., US.
Independent of Sivers Semiconductors and its management: Yes.
Independent of the Company’s major shareholders:  No.
Shareholding, including holdings by related parties,  
as of December 31, 2025:  5,831,472 shares held through companies and 
0 options.
Country of residence: UK
Karin Raj 
Board member
Born: 1972 
Elected to the Board: 2024
Education: MSc in Engineering Physics, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, 
Stockholm; Executive MBA, Uppsala University
Other Board assignments: Board member, Forsway AB; Radio  
 
Innovation AB  
Represents Nokia on the EMEA Leadership Council of the Global Semicon -
ductor Alliance and on the Industry Advisory Board of the EU Alliance on 
Microprocessors and Semiconductor Technologies.
Previous Board assignments: Board member, Forsway AB; Radio 
Innovation AB.
Other experience:  Chief Technology Officer Europe, Nokia Networks 
Oyj; Chief Technology Officer, Acuvi AB; Chief Product Officer, JonDeTech 
Sensors AB; Product Director, Huawei Technologies Sverige AB; Sales 
Director, Ericsson AB.
Independent of Sivers Semiconductors and its management: Yes.
Independent of the Company’s major shareholders:  Yes.
Shareholding, including holdings by related parties,  
as of December 31, 2025:  10,000 shares and 0 options.
Country of residence: SwedenBOARD OF DIRECTORS
Todd Thomson  
Board member
Born: 1961 
Elected to the Board: 2021
Education: Master of Business Administration, The Wharton School, 
University of Pennsylvania; Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Davidson College
Other Board assignments: Board member, Dynasty Financial Partners 
LLC, Century Bank (NM), Linnaeus Therapeutics Inc, Actuate Inc., NeuroBio 
Ltd, PteroDynamics Inc, NanoClear Inc., Behavioral Signals Inc, Zoo Strategy 
Ltd.
Previous Board assignments: Chairman, Dynasty Financial Partners LLC; 
Board member, Cyren Ltd, Bank of Virginia, CNAQ, and MixComm.
Other experience: CFO Citigroup and CEO Citigroup Global Wealth 
Management Department. GE Capital, Bain & Co, Booz Allen Hamilton and 
Barents Group.
Independent of Sivers Semiconductors and its management: Yes.
Independent of the Company’s major shareholders:  Yes.
Shareholding, including holdings by related parties,  
as of December 31, 2025: 13,060,758 shares and 0 options.
Country of residence: US

27
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Vickram Vathulya 
President and CEO of Sivers Semiconductors
Born: 1974
Employed since: August 2024
Education: PhD in Electrical Engineering from Lehigh University, Pennsyl -
vania; MBA from Berkeley Haas School of Business, University of California
Experience: Dr. Vathulya most recently served as President of Nuvotronics, 
spearheading a strategic, operational and cultural transformation focused 
on long-term growth and value creation. Prior to that, he revitalized the 
standard products business at Maxim Semiconductors, transforming it 
into the largest and most profitable business in the company’s portfolio. 
His experience also includes other executive leadership roles, including 
successfully growing a range of RF and wireless businesses at Maxim 
Integrated and NXP Semiconductors.
Holdings in Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ)  
as of December 31, 2025: 3,974,076 shares and 3,700,000 options.
Country of residence: US
Heine Thorsgaard
CFO
Born: 1972
Employed since: September  2025
Education: PhD and MSc in Management Accounting from the University 
of Copenhagen, and an MSc in International Development Studies from 
Roskilde University.
Experience: Heine brings more than 20 years of senior financial 
leadership experience across the technology, IT and professional services 
sectors, complemented by earlier experience as a management consultant. 
Most recently, Dr. Thorsgaard served as CFO of Napatech, a provider of 
high-performance programmable network interface cards for network 
performance management, cybersecurity and data center applications. 
Prior to joining Napatech, Heine held several successful CFO and senior 
financial leadership roles across the IT, technology and professional 
services sectors, with extensive experience from both Europe and the 
United States. Throughout his career, he has built a strong track record of 
driving growth, operational efficiency and long-term value creation, with 
expertise in finance, international business strategy and the management 
of cross-border organizations in technology-driven markets.
Holdings in Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ)  
as of December 31, 2025: 100,000 shares and 400,000 options.
Country of residence: DenmarkManagementMANAGEMENT
28
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  SEK thousand Note 2025 2024, restated1)
Net sales 5,6 306,558 219,207
Cost of sales 8 -308,636 -215,015
Gross profit -2,079 4,192
Research and development expenses 8 -36,287 -103,490
Selling, administrative and other expenses 8.9 -148,838 -100,482
Other operating income 9,416 5,456
Other operating expenses - -
Operating profit -177,788 -194,324
Share of profit/loss of associates 88 484
Finance income 10 10,251 17,005 
Finance costs 10 -69,752 -26,783
Profit before tax -237,201 -203,618
Income tax 11 14,632 19,741
Profit for the year -222,569 -183,877
Profit for the year attributable to
Parent Company shareholders -222,569 -183,877
Earnings per share 12
Average number of shares, basic (thousands) 274,721 235,615
Basic earnings per share (SEK) -0.81 -0.78
Diluted earnings per share (SEK) -0.81 -0.78
1) Comparative information has been restated following the correction of errors. See Note 32.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
SEK thousand 2025 2024, restated1)
Profit for the year -222,569 -183,877
Other comprehensive income  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss - -
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations -121,791 70,443
Other comprehensive income for the year -344,360 -113,434
Comprehensive income attributable to
Parent Company shareholders -344,360 -113,434
1) Comparative information has been restated following the correction of errors. See Note 32.Consolidated Income StatementFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Consolidated Statement  
of Financial PositionFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SEK thousand Note Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 2024  
restated1)Dec 31, 2023  
restated1)
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Goodwill 13 370,076 416,019 391,560
Other intangible assets 13 478,471 628,718 617,451
Capitalized development expenditure 13 174,670 166,318 193,860
Property, plant and equipment 14 55,872 68,950 91,099
Right-of-use assets 15 19,021 17,945 1,706
Other assets 1,362 1,057 516
Total non-current assets 1,099,471 1,299,007 1,296,192
Current assets
Inventories 17 10,648 24,929 34,554
Trade receivables 18 42,697 78,285 44,978
Current tax receivables 11 - 7,108 6,281
Prepaid expenses and other receivables 19 34,292 20,501 21,668
Contract assets 6 100,421 54,732 43,180
Restricted bank funds 29 13,802 - 15,167
Cash and cash equivalents 24 29,659 17,767 25,525
Total current assets 231,519 203,323 191,353
TOTAL ASSETS 1,330,990 1,502,329 1,487,545
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Share capital 155,667 118,823 117,324
Share premium reserve 20 2,004,621 1,844,481 1,833,509
Translation reserve 20 15,969 137,760 67,317
Accumulated deficit 20 -1,226,470 -1,010,000 -844,802
Equity attributable to Parent Company shareholders 949,787 1,091,064 1,173,348
Total equity 949,787 1,091,064 1,173,348
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities 11 96,741 132,103 135,597
Non-current lease liabilities 15 13,553 14,350 16,890
Liabilities to credit institutions 21.29 12,093 19,916 47,988
Provisions 22 3,969 2,732 1,632
Convertible loan 21 - - 23,917
Other non-current liabilities 2,606 3,571 2,784
Total non-current liabilities 128,962 172,672 228,808
Current liabilities
Convertible loans 21 - 54,000 -
Liabilities to credit institutions 21 90,609 76,117 -
Trade payables 29 47,905 27,524 38,058
Current lease liabilities 15 5,911 4,398 7,223
Contract liabilities 6 11,603 32,281 5,030
Accrued expenses 23 82,873 31,870 30,407
Other current liabilities 23 13,341 12,404 4,671
Total current liabilities 252,241 238,594 85,389
Total liabilities 381,204 411,266 314,197
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,330,990 1,502,329 1,487,545
1) Comparative information has been restated following the correction of errors. See Note 32.
30
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  SEK thousand Note Share capitalShare premium 
reserveTranslation  
reserveAccumulated deficit, 
restated2)Total equity, 
restated2)
Opening balance, Jan 1, 2024 117,324 1,833,509 67,317 -844,802 1,173,348
Profit for the year - - - -183,877 -183,877
Total other comprehensive income - - 70,443 - 70,443
Total comprehensive income - - 70,443 -183,877 -113,434
Transactions with owners:
Share issue 20 1,498 11,507 - - 13,005
Share issue expenses 20 - -535 - - -535
Share-based payments 20,26 - - - 5,704 5,704
Sale of treasury shares 19,20 - - - 12,974 12,974
Total transactions with owners 1,498 10,972 - 18,678 31,148
Closing balance, Dec 31, 2024 118,823 1,844,481 137,760 -1,010,000 1,091,064
SEK thousand Note Share capitalShare premium 
reserveTranslation  
reserveAccumulated  
deficit Total equity1)
Opening balance, Jan 1, 2025 118,823 1,844,481 137,760 -1,010,000 1,091,064
Profit for the year - - - -222,569 -222,569
Total other comprehensive income - - -121,791 - -121,791
Total comprehensive income - - -121,791 -222,569 -344,360
Transactions with owners
Share issue 20 36,843 174,128 - - 210,971
Share issue expenses 20 - -13,991 - - -13,991
Share-based payments 20,26 - - - 7,802 7,802
Issued warrants - - - 6,449 6,449
Repurchase of own shares 19,20 - - - -8,149 -8,149
Total transactions with owners 36,843 160,137 6,102 203,082
Closing balance, Dec 31, 2025 155,667 2,004,621 15,969 -1,226,470 949,787
1) All amounts presented in the statement of changes in equity relate to equity attributable to Parent Company shareholders.
2) Comparative information has been restated following the correction of errors. See Note 32.Consolidated Statement  
of Changes in EquityFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Consolidated Statement of Cash FlowsFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SEK thousand 2025 2024, restated1)
Cash flow from operating activities
Operating profit -177,788 -194,324
Adjustments for non-cash items
 Depreciation 72,612 97,208
 Impairment of property, plant and equipment 5,400 -
 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill - 401
 Impairment/write-off of capitalized development expenditure and similar work 22,576 29,267
 Changes in provisions 1,322 1,077
 Equity-settled share-based payments 7,802 5,704
 Net financial items 2,041 -1,636
 Other -3,484 -281
Taxes received 4,747 2,362
Net cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital -64,772 -60,222
Changes in working capital
-Decrease/increase in inventories 12,313 11,003
-Decrease/increase in contract assets -62,209 -5,656
-Decrease/increase in contract liabilities -21,005 27,138
-Decrease/increase in trade receivables 31,016 -29,117
-Decrease/increase in other receivables and deferred income -14,755 3,285
-Decrease/increase in trade payables 24,188 -12,697
Decrease/increase in other liabilities and accrued expenses 56,722 18,097
Net cash flow from operating activities -38,502 -48,169
Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment -8,703 -8,571
Disposal of property, plant and equipment 528 -
Acquisition of intangible assets -58,500 -33,776
Grants received 11,813 -
Interest received 305 3
Net cash flow from investing activities -54,557 -42,344
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings 117,769 78,826
Share issue 210,971 7,006
Repurchase of own shares -8,149 13,375
Restricted bank funds -14,721 14,900
Repayment of borrowings -157,631 -
Payment of lease liabilities -4,563 -7,506
Share issue expenses -13,991 -535
Interest paid -19,024 -23,844
Net cash flow from financing activities 110,661 82,222
Net cash flow for the year 17,602 -8,291
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 17,767 25,525
Exchange differences -5,710 533
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 29,659 17,767
1) Comparative information has been restated following the correction of errors. See Note 32.
32
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Note 1 
General information
Sivers Semiconductors AB, company registration number 556383-9348, is 
a limited liability company with its registered office in Kista, Sweden. The 
Group’s head office is located at Torshamnsgatan 48 in Kista.
Sivers Semiconductors AB and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) develop, 
manufacture and sell chips, components, modules and subsystems based 
on advanced proprietary semiconductor technology in microwave, mmWave 
and optical semiconductors. 
Operations are conducted primarily through the four companies Sivers 
Wireless AB, Sivers Photonics Ltd, Sivers Semiconductors Inc. and Sivers 
India Ltd. Sivers Wireless has its head office in Kista, Stockholm, and a 
development office in Gothenburg. Sivers Photonics’ head office and 
manufacturing facility are located in Glasgow, Scotland. Sivers Semicon -
ductors Inc. has its head office in Chatham, New Jersey, US. Sivers India Ltd 
has offices in Bangalore, India. The composition of the Group is presented 
in Note 16.
The financial statements are presented in SEK thousands.
Note 2
Significant accounting policies
 
Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS®) as adopted by the 
EU and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC). 
In addition, the Group applies the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the 
Swedish Financial Reporting Board’s recommendation RFR 1 Supplementary 
Accounting Rules for Groups. 
The Parent Company applies the same accounting policies as the Group, 
except in the cases specified below under “Parent Company accounting 
policies”. 
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, 
apart from certain financial instruments measured at fair value through 
profit or loss at the end of each reporting period, as described further in the 
accounting policies below. 
Correction of errors
Certain comparative figures in the income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income have been restated, reclassified or re-presented 
following the correction of errors relating to prior periods (see Note 32).
Basis of presentation
The consolidated financial statements are presented in SEK thousands. 
Reported amounts and percentages may include rounding differences, 
which may result in discrepancies between the sum of individual items and 
the stated totals in rows and columns. The financial statements have been 
prepared on a going concern basis and under the historical cost convention, 
apart from certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value, 
namely financial instruments classified as fair value through profit or loss 
(FVTPL).
Change in accounting policy
Historically, the Group has presented expenses by nature, with separate line 
items for raw materials, personnel costs, depreciation/amortization, grants, 
other external expenses and capitalized work for own account.
For the financial years 2024 and 2025, the Group changed the presentation 
of the income statement from classification by nature of expense to 
classification by function of expense. The revised presentation reports gross 
profit and classifies expenses by function, primarily cost of sales, research 
and development expenses, and distribution costs, administrative and other 
expenses. The Group believes that the classification by function of expense 
method best reflects how the Group’s performance is monitored internally, 
aligns the external financial reporting with internal reporting and improves 
comparability for users of the financial statements.Group NotesNOTE
This change has been applied retrospectively and comparative figures 
for the previous year have been restated in accordance with the new 
accounting policy. For complete information regarding the change, defini -
tions of the functional categories, allocation principles and a reconciliation to 
the previous format, see Note 31 Change in presentation.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of 
the Parent Company and all subsidiaries over which the Group exercises 
control. The Group is considered to control an entity when the Group is 
exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the 
entity. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control 
and ceases when control is lost. The results of subsidiaries acquired or 
disposed of during the year are included in the income statement from the 
date on which control is obtained until the date on which control ceases.
Subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. Under this 
method, the acquisition of a subsidiary is regarded as a transaction through 
which the Group indirectly acquires the subsidiary’s assets and assumes its 
liabilities. Shareholdings in Group subsidiaries are eliminated in accordance 
with the acquisition method. The consideration transferred and all identi -
fiable assets and liabilities of the acquired company are measured at the 
acquisition-date fair value. Goodwill is recognized as the amount by which 
the total consideration transferred exceeds the fair value of the acquired 
net assets.
All intra-Group transactions, appropriations of profit, intra-Group assets 
and liabilities, as well as cash flows relating to transactions between Group 
companies, are eliminated on consolidation.
Associates
Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence, 
but not control, over the operational and financial management, typically 
through shareholdings representing between 20 and 50 percent of the 
voting rights. From the date on which significant influence is obtained, 
investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial 
statements using the equity method. Under the equity method, the carrying 
amount of investments in associates recognized in the consolidated financial 
statements corresponds to the Group’s share of the associates’ equity, 
together with Group goodwill and any remaining fair value adjustments 
relating to the acquisition. The Group’s share of the associates’ profit or 
loss, adjusted for any depreciation, amortization, impairments and reversals 
relating to acquired fair value adjustments, is recognized in the consolidated 
income statement as “Share of profit/loss of associates”. These shares of 
profit/loss, reduced by dividends received from associates, constitute the 
principal change in the carrying amount of investments in associates. The 
Group’s share of other comprehensive income in associates is recognized 
on a separate line in the Group’s other comprehensive income, where 
applicable. No amounts relating to associates were recognized in other 
comprehensive income for 2024 or 2025.
Foreign currency transactions and translation
The Group’s presentation currency is SEK. The Parent Company’s functional 
currency is SEK, while each subsidiary’s functional currency is its local 
currency or the currency in which the subsidiary primarily conducts its 
operations. Transactions involving the translation of amounts denominated 
in foreign currencies into the respective functional currency are classified 
as monetary or non-monetary items, which determines how exchange 
differences relating to the transaction are measured and recognized.
Group companies recognize transactions in foreign currencies at the 
exchange rate on the transaction date or at an estimated rate that approxi -
mates the exchange rate on the transaction date. The consolidated income 
statement and statement of other comprehensive income are translated 
into SEK using the average exchange rates for the year. Translation differ -
ences arising on the translation of net investments in foreign operations 
are recognized as translation differences in other comprehensive income. 
Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies outstanding at the 
end of the financial year are translated at the closing exchange rate at the 
reporting date. Exchange gains and losses relating to operating transactions 
are recognized within operating expenses above operating profit. Exchange 
gains and losses on loans and other foreign currency receivables and 
liabilities relating to financing transactions are recognized as finance income 
and finance costs.
33
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Revenue recognition
The Group primarily recognizes revenue from the following revenue 
streams: 
• Hardware sales 
•  Development projects, also referred to as Non-Recurring Engineering 
(“NRE”) 
• Support contracts 
The Group applies the following five-step model in determining the timing 
and amount of revenue recognition:
1. Identify the contract with a customer
2. Identify the separate performance obligations in the contract
3. Determine the transaction price
4.  Allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in 
the contract, and
5. Recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied.
A contract with a customer is considered to exist when it is probable that 
the consideration specified in the contract will be collected, the contract has 
commercial substance, contains payment terms, describes the rights and 
obligations of both parties and has been approved. By analyzing the nature, 
terms and conditions of each contract or arrangement with a customer, the 
Group determines which method of revenue recognition should be applied.
The Group recognizes revenue when control of goods or services is trans -
ferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which 
the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Hardware sales
Wireless
Hardware sales comprise goods sold to customers in high volumes. Within 
the Wireless segment, the hardware consists of chips, components, modules 
and subsystems based on advanced technology for 5G mmWave networks.
Revenue from hardware sales is recognized at a point in time. This occurs 
when control of the goods is transferred to the customer and the goods 
are accepted by the customer, corresponding to the point of delivery (in 
accordance with the delivery terms of the specific contract).
Once the goods have been delivered, the Group has an unconditional 
right to payment and therefore recognizes a trade receivable. Invoices are 
normally due for payment within 30 days.
Photonics
Within the Photonics segment, hardware products consist of both 
customized and non-customized sales of products such as semiconductor 
lasers, wafers, chips and other semiconductor-based optical solutions.
Revenue from hardware sales within the Photonics segment is recognized 
at a point in time when the respective performance obligation under the 
customer contract has been satisfied. 
Each performance obligation relates to a revenue milestone specified in 
the customer contract and results in a distinct output or added value to the 
customer’s instrument (where applicable), from which the customer can 
benefit and over which the customer can exercise control. Each revenue 
milestone specified in a contract is therefore assessed as constituting a 
separate performance obligation. 
Control is transferred, and revenue is therefore recognized, upon 
completion of each respective revenue milestone, which occurs when the 
customer can direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining 
economic benefits from the output specified in the milestone. Transfer of 
control is independent of whether the asset remains in the Group’s physical 
possession, and delivery or transportation is not in itself determinative of 
the timing of revenue recognition. Control may, for example, transfer upon 
customer acceptance, upon completion of component processing or upon 
receipt of goods at the Group’s premises, or in accordance with the terms of 
the contract. Upon completion of each revenue milestone, an unconditional 
right to payment arises, whereas no unconditional right to payment exists 
before the respective milestone has been achieved.
Upon completion of each revenue milestone, the Group has an uncondi -
tional right to payment and therefore recognizes a trade receivable. Advance 
payments relate to invoicing milestones that do not result in an immediate 
transfer of goods or services and are therefore recognized as contract 
liabilities relating to future performance obligations. Invoicing takes place 
upon achievement of specific invoicing milestones in accordance with the 
customer contract.Invoices are normally due for payment within 30 days.
Revenue from NRE contracts 
The Wireless segment includes revenue from NRE contracts. This revenue 
relates to contracts under which the Group customizes or develops 
technology in hardware products to meet customer-specific requirements 
or to develop new products. 
For NRE contracts, the performance obligation consists of the development 
of new hardware specifically customized for the customer. This includes 
project phases with defined milestones, such as design, testing and 
customer validation. Revenue is recognized over time as development work 
is performed and control is transferred to the customer. The assessment 
of the transfer of control is based on the Group’s right to compensation for 
work performed. Revenue is recognized based on the stage of completion 
of the performance obligation, determined using an input method based on 
costs incurred in customer projects. 
Project progress is measured using the input method based on costs 
incurred, as this reliably reflects the conversion of work in progress into 
completed performance. Customer contracts contain specified project 
milestones, some of which are not linked to specific deliveries but instead 
relate to development work. Against this background, the output method 
is not considered to provide a complete picture of the stage of completion 
of the performance obligation. Wireless excludes capitalized costs from the 
cost allocation.  
 
The stage-of-completion method is based on assumptions and forecasts, 
primarily regarding future material, personnel and project costs. There is 
therefore a risk that actual contract costs or variable consideration may 
differ from the original estimates, which could result in the recognized 
margin being higher or lower than expected. 
Each customer project is reviewed regularly between reporting dates. If 
changes occur compared with the original assumptions, this may result in 
revisions of estimated costs and revenue recognition. Such changes are 
recognized in the period in which the changes in estimates are determined. 
By recognizing changes in estimates cumulatively, recognized revenue and 
costs at the reporting date reflect the current estimates of the stage of 
completion for each project.
A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the expected benefits 
that the Group expects to receive from a contract are lower than the 
unavoidable costs of fulfilling the obligations under the contract.
Invoicing takes place in stages upon achievement of agreed invoicing 
milestones in the contract and does not affect recognized revenue. A 
contract asset is recognized when revenue exceeds invoicing, and a contract 
liability is recognized when invoicing exceeds revenue. Invoices are normally 
due for payment within 30 days.
Support contracts
The Wireless segment also sells support services relating to the Group’s 
hardware products to facilitate customers’ adaptation of the technology to 
their products. Support contracts enable customers to integrate the Group’s 
functionality into their products, which may subsequently be sold to end 
customers.
The support contracts have a fixed term and a fixed price, and revenue is 
recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period. The consider -
ation is recognized as a contract liability at the time of sale and recognized 
as revenue on a straight-line basis over the service period.
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The 
consideration transferred in a business combination is measured as the 
aggregate of the fair values of the assets transferred and liabilities incurred 
to the former owners of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are recog -
nized as expenses in the consolidated income statement and statement of 
other comprehensive income in the period in which the costs are incurred 
and the related services are received.
Intangible assets
The reverse acquisition of Sivers Photonics Ltd (formerly CST Global Ltd) was 
completed in 2017, and the acquisition of MixComm Inc. was completed in 
2022. The Group’s intangible assets and goodwill primarily originate from 
these acquisitions. Goodwill arising from these two acquisitions is attrib -
utable solely to the Wireless segment. 
After initial recognition, intangible assets are measured at cost less 
accumulated amortization and any impairment losses. The estimated useful 
34
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  lives of intangible assets are finite and comprise technology, customer 
contracts and other intangible assets, which are amortized on a straight-line 
basis over their useful lives of 15 years for technology, 5 years for customer 
contracts and 3 years for other intangible assets. Useful lives are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis.
Internally generated intangible assets – research and development 
expenditure
Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period 
in which it is incurred.
An internally generated intangible asset arising from development activities, 
or from the development phase of an internal project, is capitalized when 
it meets the recognition criteria set out in IAS 38 Intangible Assets and is 
amortized over its useful life. Capitalized development expenditure relating 
to internal projects primarily relates to the development of intellectual 
property. These expenditures primarily relate to the development of 
software, firmware and other technical development work necessary to 
complete the technologies and render them commercially viable. The 
Group capitalizes development expenditure only when all of the following 
conditions are met:
•  The Group has the technical feasibility to complete the development of the 
intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale.
•  The Group intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it.
•  The Group has the ability to use or sell the intangible asset.
•  The Group can demonstrate how the intangible asset will generate 
probable future economic benefits.
•  Adequate technical, financial and other resources are available to complete 
the development and to use or sell the intangible asset.
•  The Group has the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable 
to the intangible asset during its development.
The accumulated cost of internally generated intangible assets is the sum 
of expenditures incurred from the date on which the asset first meets the 
criteria above. If no internally generated intangible asset can be recognized, 
development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the period in 
which it is incurred.
Following initial recognition, internally generated intangible assets are 
measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any impairment 
losses. Amortization commences when the asset is brought into use and is 
recognized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s useful life. The useful life 
of these intangible assets is currently 5 years.
Property, plant and equipment
Items of property, plant and equipment are recognized at cost less accumu -
lated depreciation and any impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated 
using the straight-line method to write down the cost of the assets to 
their residual values over their estimated useful lives, adjusted for any 
impairment losses. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 
•  Equipment, tools, fixtures and fittings: 5–10 years. 
•  Computers: 3 years. 
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are 
reviewed at the end of each reporting period, and the effect of any changes 
is recognized prospectively.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or 
when no future economic benefits are expected from the continued use of 
the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an asset 
is calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the asset and is recognized in the income statement.
Items of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period to determine whether there are any indications of 
impairment. If such indications exist, the asset is tested for impairment by 
comparing the recoverable amount with the carrying amount. Impairment 
losses are recognized in the consolidated income statement and statement 
of other comprehensive income.
Impairment of non-financial assets
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of property, 
plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets to determine 
whether there are any indications of impairment. If such indications exist, 
the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. If the asset does not generate 
cash flows that are independent of other assets, the Group estimates the 
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and those arising from inter -
nally generated development expenditure and capitalized development 
expenditure that are not yet available for use are tested for impairment at 
least annually and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be 
impaired.
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and 
value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are 
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects 
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset for which the future cash flow estimates have not been 
adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated 
to be lower than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is written down to 
its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the 
income statement.
Goodwill
Goodwill is initially measured and recognized in accordance with the 
principles for business combinations. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested 
for impairment at least annually. For the purpose of impairment testing, 
goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units expected 
to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. Cash-generating units to 
which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or 
more frequently if there are indications that the goodwill may be impaired.
If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is lower than its 
carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of goodwill attributable to the unit and then proportionately to 
the other assets of the unit based on the carrying amount of each asset. 
An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent 
periods.
Leases
The Group as lessee
At the inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, 
or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if it conveys the right 
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability 
at the commencement date of the lease.
Leases accounted for under IFRS 16 Leases primarily comprise properties 
(e.g. offices and warehouses), machinery/equipment and vehicles, where the 
Group acts as lessee.
The Group has elected to apply the exemptions in the standard for leases 
with a lease term of less than 12 months and for leases where the under -
lying asset is of low value, defined as having a value below USD 3,000. Lease 
expenses relating to low-value leases are recognized as rental expenses 
over the lease term in the consolidated income statement. 
There are no lease agreements in Sivers Semiconductors Inc. for which the 
exemption in the standard is applied. However, the exemption is applied in 
Photonics (lease of a printer). 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease 
payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using 
the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. 
If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental 
borrowing rate. In general, the incremental borrowing rate is applied. The 
Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates 
from various external financing sources and making certain adjustments to 
reflect the terms of the lease and the nature of the leased assets.
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise: 
•  fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any 
lease incentives;
•  variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially 
measured using the index or rate at the commencement date; 
•  amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value 
guarantees; 
•  the exercise price of purchase options if the lessee is reasonably certain to 
exercise the option; 
•  lease payments during an optional extension period if the Group is 
reasonably certain to exercise the extension option; and
•  payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term reflects 
the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease early.NOTES
35
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025The Group assesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise, or not to 
exercise, an option to extend or terminate the lease. All relevant factors that 
create an economic incentive are considered in making this assessment.
The lease liability is presented as a separate line item in the consolidated 
statement of financial position.
Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term 
and the useful life of the underlying asset. If a lease transfers ownership 
of the underlying asset or if the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that 
the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the asset is depreciated 
over the useful life of the underlying asset. Depreciation begins at the 
commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are presented on 
the same line in the consolidated statement of financial position as the 
corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned by 
the Group. 
The Group applies IAS 36 to determine whether a right-of-use asset is 
impaired and recognizes any identified impairment loss as described under 
“Impairment of non-financial assets”.
As a practical expedient, IFRS 16 permits a lessee not to separate non-lease 
components and instead account for the lease component and associated 
non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Group has applied this 
practical expedient.
Government grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance 
that the Group will comply with the conditions attached to the grants and 
that the grants will be received. Government grants related to internally 
generated intangible assets reduce the carrying amount of the asset upon 
receipt of payment and are recognized in profit or loss over the useful life 
of the asset in the form of reduced amortization, in accordance with IAS 
20. Government grants relating to the acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment are recognized as deferred income at fair value and recognized 
in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the estimated useful lives of the 
assets.
Employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense in the period 
in which the related services are rendered. A liability is recognized for the 
amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive 
obligation to pay this amount as a result of services previously rendered by 
the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
Defined contribution pension plans
Payments to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an 
expense when employees have rendered services entitling them to the 
contributions.
Multi-employer pension plans are accounted for as defined contribution 
plans when sufficient information is not available to account for the plans as 
defined benefit plans. The Group currently only has pension plans that are 
accounted for as defined contribution plans. 
Share-based payments
Equity-settled share-based payments to employees or other service 
providers are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments awarded 
on the grant date.
The fair value determined at the grant date of equity-settled share-based 
payments is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the 
vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of the number of equity 
instruments that will ultimately vest. At each reporting date, the Group 
remeasures its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to 
vest as a result of the effect of non-market vesting conditions. The effect 
of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or 
loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a 
corresponding adjustment to equity.
Social security contributions related to share-based instruments granted to 
employees in exchange for services rendered are recognized as an expense 
over the periods during which the services are performed. The provision for 
social security contributions is based on the fair value of the options at the 
reporting date.
Tax 
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax.
Current tax 
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable profit or loss for the year and any adjustment to current tax relating to prior 
years. The amount of current tax payable or receivable represents the best 
estimate of the amount expected to be paid or received, taking into account 
any uncertainty relating to income taxes. The Group’s current tax liability is 
calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted 
by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is calculated using the balance sheet liability method on 
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
in the financial reporting and their tax bases.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences 
relating to investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to 
control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the 
temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax loss carryforwards, 
unused tax deductions and deductible temporary differences to the extent 
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be utilized. Future taxable profits are assessed based on the 
reversal of relevant taxable temporary differences. If these are not sufficient 
to recognize a deferred tax asset in full, future taxable profits, adjusted for 
the reversal of existing temporary differences, are considered based on 
business plans for the Group’s individual subsidiaries. The carrying amount 
of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to 
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be 
available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax is calculated using the tax rates expected to apply in the period 
in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax laws that 
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting 
period.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and 
when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and 
the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they 
relate to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity, in which case the current and deferred tax are also recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity. When current or deferred 
tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax 
effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.
Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The 
cost of inventories includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and 
other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and 
condition. 
For the Photonics segment, cost is determined using the first-in, first-out 
(FIFO) method, while the cost for the Wireless segment is determined 
using the weighted average cost method. The use of different methods is 
based on the varying nature of the inventories, their different areas of use 
and their use within different segments. Net realizable value represents 
the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion and costs 
necessary to make the sale.
Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the consolidated 
statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. 
Transaction costs attributable to instruments measured at amortized cost 
are added to or deducted from the cost of acquisition. Transaction costs 
attributable to instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss are 
recognized immediately in profit or loss.
A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially 
measured at the transaction price. However, if the Group has an uncondi -
tional right to an amount that differs from the transaction price, the trade 
receivable is initially measured at the amount of that unconditional right.
Classification of financial assets
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as subsequently 
measured at: amortized cost, fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI), or fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Financial assets 
are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group NOTES
36
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  changes its business model for managing financial assets. In such cases, all 
affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting 
period following the change in the business model.
Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently 
measured at amortized cost:
•  The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold 
financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows.
•  The contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount 
outstanding.
The Group’s trade receivables, other current receivables, and cash and cash 
equivalents are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method, less any impairment losses.
The Group currently has no financial instruments measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) or fair value through profit or 
loss (FVPL).
Impairment of financial assets
Expected credit losses (ECL) are recognized for financial assets measured at 
amortized cost.
The Group recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets 
in accordance with the simplified approach. Expected credit losses for 
these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the 
Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors specific to the 
debtors, general economic conditions, and an assessment of current and 
forecast conditions at the reporting date, taking into account the time value 
of money where applicable.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognizes a financial asset from the consolidated statement 
of financial position only when the contractual rights to receive the cash 
flows expire, or when the rights are transferred and the Group has trans -
ferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
In the sale of trade receivables, substantially all risks and rewards are, in 
practice, transferred to the purchaser of the receivables. On derecognition 
of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between 
the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and 
receivable is recognized in profit or loss.
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using 
the effective interest method.
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost 
of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income or 
interest expense in profit or loss over the relevant period. The effective 
interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash flows 
(including transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts) over the 
expected term of the liability, or where appropriate a shorter period, to the 
amortized cost of the liability.
The Group has bank loans, trade payables, accrued expenses, and other 
current liabilities that are measured at amortized cost.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the 
Group’s obligations are discharged, canceled, or expire. The difference 
between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the 
consideration paid is recognized in profit or loss. 
Equity
Share capital
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are 
recognized as a deduction from equity. Income taxes relating to transaction 
costs on an equity transaction are accounted for in accordance with IAS 12 
Income Taxes.
Compound financial instruments
Compound financial instruments issued by the Group comprise convertible 
loans from financial institutions and loans with warrants attached. The 
convertible loan may be converted into equity at any time up to the maturity 
date at the option of the lender.
The liability component of a compound financial instrument is initially 
recognized at the fair value of a similar liability that does not have a NOTES
conversion option. The equity component is initially recognized as the 
difference between the fair value of the compound financial instrument as a 
whole and the fair value of the liability component. Any directly attributable 
transaction costs are allocated between the liability and equity components 
in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component of a compound 
financial instrument is measured at amortized cost using the effective 
interest method. The equity component is not remeasured. 
Interest expense relating to the liability is recognized in profit or loss. Upon 
conversion at maturity, the liability is reclassified to equity with no gain or 
loss recognized.
Provisions 
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation as a 
result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount can 
be made.
A provision is recognized at the amount that represents the best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end 
of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties 
associated with the obligation. Where a provision is measured using 
estimated cash flows to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is 
the present value of those future cash flows (where the time value of money 
is material). Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a 
provision is expected to be reimbursed by a third party, the reimbursement 
is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be 
received and the amount can be measured reliably.
Operating segments
The Group’s organizational structure comprises two reportable segments 
for financial reporting purposes: Wireless and Photonics. The Group 
has identified the Group’s CEO as the Chief Operating Decision Maker 
(CODM), who monitors the performance of the segments in order to assess 
operating performance and make decisions regarding resource allocation. 
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and bank balances and 
short-term investments that are classified as cash equivalents.
Accounting standards issued but not yet effective
For new accounting standards effective for financial years beginning after 
January 1, 2025, early adoption is permitted. The Group has not early 
adopted the following new or amended standards in the preparation of 
these consolidated financial statements:
A.  IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements – IFRS 18 
will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and is effective for 
financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2027. The new accounting 
standard introduces the following key new requirements:
•  Entities will be required to classify all income and expenses in the 
statement of profit or loss into five categories: operating, investing, 
financing, discontinued operations, and income taxes. Entities will also be 
required to present a newly defined operating profit subtotal. Entities’ net 
profit will not be affected.
•  Management-defined performance measures (MPMs) will be disclosed in a 
single note to the financial statements.
•  Improved guidance is provided on how information should be grouped in 
the financial statements.
  In addition, all entities will be required to use operating profit as the 
starting point in the statement of cash flows when applying the indirect 
method.
  The Group is still evaluating the effects of the new accounting standard, 
particularly with regard to the presentation of the consolidated income 
statement, statement of cash flows and the additional disclosures 
required in respect of MPMs. The Group is also evaluating how infor -
mation should be grouped in the financial statements, including items 
currently presented as “other”.
B.  Other accounting standards: The following new and amended standards 
are not expected to have any material impact on the Group’s consoli -
dated financial statements:
  Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments (Amendments 
to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7), Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 
(Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7), and The Effects of Changes in Foreign 
Exchange Rates (Amendments to IAS 21).
37
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 3
Critical estimates and judgments
In preparing the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the 
Group’s accounting policies, as described in Note 2 Significant accounting 
policies, management makes judgments and estimates that affect the 
content of the consolidated financial statements and must exercise 
judgment in applying the accounting policies. The judgments and estimates 
are based on a number of underlying factors, which may include manage -
ment’s historical experience, knowledge of current events and conditions, 
and other factors considered reasonable under the prevailing circum -
stances. Management continuously evaluates the judgments and estimates 
applied. These estimates have been applied consistently with prior periods. 
There are no known trends, commitments, events, or uncertainties that the 
Group believes will affect the methodology or assumptions used in these 
judgments and estimates in the consolidated financial statements. Actual 
outcomes may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing 
basis. For the 2025 financial year, the Company evaluated and revised 
certain underlying estimates. Changes in estimates are recognized in the 
period in which the change is made if the change affects only that period, 
or in the period of the change and future periods if the change affects 
both the current and future periods. Changes in estimates also resulted in 
adjustments to the financial statements for the 2024 financial year, which 
are also presented in Note 32 Correction of errors. 
The areas involving the most significant judgments in the application of 
IFRS, as well as the areas involving assumptions and estimates subject 
to significant uncertainty that give rise to a material risk that the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities may require material adjustment during 
the next financial year, are set out below.
Significant accounting judgments
Significant accounting judgments are the judgments required in inter -
preting and applying IFRS to the Group’s transactions and other accounting 
matters.
Capitalized development expenditure
Management makes significant judgments in determining whether devel -
opment expenditure meets the criteria for capitalization in accordance 
with IAS 38 Intangible Assets, as described in Note 2 Significant accounting 
policies. These judgments include whether the development project 
is technically feasible, whether the Group has the intention and ability 
to complete the asset, and whether the asset is expected to generate 
probable future economic benefits.
The judgments determine the point at which development expenditure is 
recognized as an intangible asset rather than expensed in the period in 
which it is incurred.
Development expenditure not yet subject to amortization is tested for 
impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication at 
the end of the reporting period that the asset may be impaired. The 
assessment of the recoverable amount of these assets is based on 
forecasts, including estimated sales volumes, sales prices and cost of goods 
sold, taking into account current and expected market conditions.
Although the Group has a greater degree of control over cost components, 
revenue forecasts are subject to inherent uncertainty due to the nature of 
the business and prevailing market volatility.Revenue recognition
For NRE contracts, management makes judgments in determining whether 
the criteria for recognizing revenue over time in accordance with IFRS 15 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers are met. This includes identifying 
separate performance obligations and assessing whether the Group has 
an enforceable right to payment for performance completed as of the 
reporting date.
Where revenue is recognized over time, judgments are also made in 
selecting the appropriate measure of progress (input or output method) 
that best reflects the transfer of control of goods or services to the 
customer. Further information regarding the Group’s accounting policies for 
revenue recognition is provided in Note 2 Significant accounting policies.
Sources of estimation uncertainty
Estimation uncertainty arises when assumptions and judgments are 
required in determining the carrying amounts of recognized assets, liabil -
ities, income and expenses.
Useful lives of capitalized development expenditure
The useful life of internally generated intangible assets is determined based 
on management’s assessment of expected product life cycles, technological 
developments and future sales volumes. The Group currently applies an 
estimated useful life of five years. Changes in expected technological devel -
opments, market demand or business strategy may lead to a reassessment 
of the useful lives, which in turn would affect future amortization expense.
Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group tests non-financial assets for impairment whenever there are 
indications of impairment and, in the case of goodwill and intangible assets 
with indefinite useful lives, at least annually.
The recoverable amount of cash-generating units is determined based 
on estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, assumptions regarding 
terminal value and other significant inputs reflecting current market condi -
tions. These assumptions are subject to significant estimation uncertainty, 
and changes in economic conditions, market demand or discount rates 
could have a material impact. Further information is provided in Note 13 
Goodwill and other intangible assets.
Measurement of revenue from NRE contracts
For NRE contracts recognized over time using an input method, 
management estimates the total expected contract costs, including 
materials, labor and project-related overheads. Recognized revenue is 
sensitive to changes in these cost estimates and to judgments regarding 
variable consideration.
Revisions to estimated project costs or consideration under customer 
contracts, based on the information available at each reporting date, may 
result in material adjustments to recognized revenue and to contract assets 
and contract liabilities during the following financial year. The recognized 
amounts are presented in Note 6  Revenue from contracts with customers.
38
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 4
Change in accounting policy
Changed presentation of the consolidated income statement
Historically, the Group has presented expenses by nature, with separate 
line items for raw materials, personnel costs, depreciation/amortization, 
grants, other external expenses and capitalized work for own account. In 
accordance with IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, expenses may 
be presented either by nature or by function, and management has elected 
to transition to a presentation by function (Cost of sales, Research and 
development expenses, and Selling, administrative and other expenses).This change has been applied retrospectively and comparative figures 
for the previous year have been restated in accordance with the new 
accounting policy. The new presentation provides a fair presentation of the 
Group’s operations.
For complete information regarding the change, definitions of the functional 
categories, allocation principles and a reconciliation to the previous format, 
see Note 31 Change in presentation .
Note 5
Operating segments
The Group has two divisions, Wireless and Photonics, which are identified 
as its reportable segments. These divisions offer different products and 
services and are managed separately due to differences in the underlying 
technologies and production processes. The Group’s CEO, who is the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker, reviews internal reports for each division at least 
quarterly.
The Wireless business area develops, manufactures and sells chips, 
components, modules and subsystems based on advanced 5G mmWave 
technology. The products are supplied primarily to system manufacturers, 
which in turn supply telecom operators. Deliveries are made directly or 
through partners.
The Photonics business area develops, designs, manufactures and sells 
laser components based on III-V compound semiconductors for optical 
communication, optical sensing and optical wireless networks. Optical 
communication components are key components of cloud storage and 
cloud communications in areas such as Passive Optical Networks (PON) 
and quantum technology. The business area supplies customers directly or 
through partners.
The performance measure Adjusted EBITDA includes adjustments of SEK 
11.5 (7.2) million related to restructuring costs, SEK 8.5 (4.9) million related 
to the stock option program, SEK 14.7 (4.9) million related to strategic 
initiatives and SEK 8.5 (0) million related to a cyberattack.
The Group’s operations are dependent on secure and reliable IT systems. 
During 2025, the Group identified a cyberattack. The incident was managed 
in accordance with the Company’s internal information security procedures 
and did not result in any material disruption to ongoing operations, but did 
give rise to certain non-recurring costs related to the attack.
The Group continuously works to reduce exposure to cyber risks through 
technical, organizational and training-related measures, but it cannot be 
ruled out that future incidents could adversely affect the business.A reconciliation between the segment information and the amounts 
reported in the financial statements is presented below
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
External net sales
Wireless 213,137 139,154 
Photonics 93,420 80,053 
Net sales for  
reportable segments 306,558 219,207
Group-wide 1)- -
Total net sales 306,558 219,207
Depreciation,  
amortization and impairment
Wireless -62,627 -108,480
Photonics -21,224 -17,529
Group-wide 1)-504 -
Total depreciation,  
amortization and impairment-84,355 -126,009
EBITDA
Wireless -48,529 -32,027
Photonics -11,181 -16,510
Group-wide 1)-33,722 -19,778
Total -93,432 -68,315
Adjustments:
Share-based payment expenses 8,452 4,918
Restructuring costs 11,459 7,164
Strategic initiatives 14,747 4,941
Cyberattack 8,470 -
Adjusted EBITDA -50,304 -51,292
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment -84,355 -126,009
Finance income 10,339 17,489
Finance costs -69,752 -26,783
Income tax 14,632 19,741
Profit for the year -222,569 -183,877
1)  Includes Group-wide costs that have not been allocated to the reportable segments.
2) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
3) See the Directors’ Report for further information regarding the cyberattack.
39
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025The accounting policies applied for the reported operating segments are 
consistent with the Group’s accounting policies described in Note 2  
Significant accounting policies.
The segment measure Adjusted EBITDA represents the result for each 
operating segment before depreciation and amortization, financial items 
and income tax. This measure is reported to the Group’s CEO, who has 
been identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker, and is used as a 
basis for decisions regarding resource allocation to the segments and the 
assessment of operating performance.
Revenue from goods and services
The Group’s revenue from goods and services is described in Note 6 
Revenue from contracts with customers.
Geographical information
In the presentation of geographical information, segment revenue is based 
on the geographical location of customers and segment assets are based on 
the geographical location of the assets. The Group’s revenue from external 
customers and information regarding the operating segments’ assets 
(property, plant and equipment, excluding financial instruments, deferred 
tax assets and other financial assets) by geographical location are presented 
below:
Non-current assets
SEK thousand 2025 20241)
US 748,879 930,176
UK 100,992 118,446
Sweden 249,601 250,385
Total 1,099,472 1,299,007
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.NOTES
Revenue from external customers 
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
US 144,757 74,120
China - 83
Israel 12,648 2,189
Canada  2,293 509
UK 70,679 93,369
Netherlands 2,077 6,068
Ireland 6,549 4,981
Singapore 6,239 -48
Lithuania 2,327 1,414
Japan 3,543 1,925
Finland 48,716 182
Denmark 982 -
Germany 1,213 1,780
Sweden 260 61
Poland 1,694 25,309
Rest of world 2,583 7,265
Total 306,558 219,207
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Information about major customers
During the financial year ended December 31, 2025, three customers 
each accounted for more than 10 percent of the Group’s total revenue. 
Revenue from these customers amounted to SEK 183.4 million (2024: three 
customers, SEK 96.5 million). 
Customer A: SEK 79.4 (75.3) million
Customer B: SEK 55.2 (16.9) million 
Customer C: SEK 48.7 (4.4) million
These revenues were attributable to the following operating segments:
Customer A: Wireless
Customer B: Wireless
Customer C: Wireless
The Group does not disclose the identity of major customers.Note 5
Operating segments (continued)
40
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 6
Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue information for each reportable operating segment, in accordance 
with IFRS 8 Operating Segments, is presented in Note 5 Operating segments .
SEK thousand2025 2024
Wireless Photonics Total Wireless Photonics Total1)
Hardware revenue 33,760 93,420 127,180 51,242 80,053 131,295
Revenue from NRE contracts 178,706 - 178,706 87,256 - 87,256
Support & other 671 - 671 656 - 656
Total 213,137 93,420 306,558 139,154 80,053 219,207
Timing of revenue recognition
At a point in time 34,431 93,420 127,851 51,399 80,053 131,452
Over time 178,706 - 178,706 87,755 - 87,755
Total 213,137 93,420 306,558 139,154 80,053 219,207
Primary geographical markets
North America 99,821 47,921 147,742 16,581 58,047 74,629
Europe 110,502 26,689 137,192 120,565 19,864 140,429
Asia 2,813 18,812 21,625 2,008 2,141 4,149
Total 213,137 93,420 306,558 139,154 80,053 219,207
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Photonics previously reported revenue from NRE contracts, but this revenue has been reclassified as Hardware revenue.
The Group has determined that its contracts with customers do not contain 
any significant financing component.
Contract assets
Contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for 
work performed under NRE contracts that has not been invoiced as of the 
reporting date. Payments for NRE contracts are invoiced in accordance with 
invoicing milestones specified in customer contracts.
Amounts previously recognized as contract assets are reclassified to trade 
receivables when the Group issues an invoice to the customer.  
 
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Revenue from NRE contracts 100,421 54,732
Total 100,421 54,732
Current portion 100,421 54,732
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
The recognized loss allowance for contract assets amounted to SEK 0.66 (0) 
million in 2025. Contract liabilities
Contract liabilities primarily relate to advance payments received from 
customers for NRE contracts and support services. NRE contracts are 
invoiced in accordance with milestones specified in customer contracts, 
and when invoiced amounts exceed recognized revenue, a contract liability 
is recognized. Such contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when the 
related performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with the terms 
of the customer contracts.
When customers pay in advance for support services, a contract liability 
is recognized for the portion of the consideration relating to services that 
have not yet been provided. The contract liability is recognized as revenue 
over the service period as the performance obligation is satisfied.
Revenue recognized during the period from performance obligations not 
satisfied (or partially unsatisfied) in previous periods amounted to SEK 12.3 
(1.2) million in 2025. No revenue was recognized during the period relating 
to performance obligations satisfied in previous years.
 
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Revenue from NRE contracts 6,294 25,113
Hardware revenue 5,309 7,168
Total 11,603 32,281
Current portion 11,603 32,281
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
41
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 7
Employee benefits expense
Average number of employees 
2025 2024
Women Men Total Women Men Total
Parent Company
Sweden 2 1 3 2 1 3
Total, Parent Company 2 1 3 2 1 3
Subsidiaries
Sweden 6 20 26 5 20 25
UK 24 56 80 23 56 79
US 1 18 19 1 16 17
Total, subsidiaries 31 94 125 29 92 121
Total, Group 33 95 128 31 93 124
Board members and other senior executives
Parent Company Group
2025 20241)2025 2024
Women
Board of Directors 1 1 1 1
Other senior execu -
tives 1 1 1 1
Men
Board of Directors 5 6 5 6
Other senior execu -
tives 1 1 3 3
Total 8 9 10 11
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Salaries and other remuneration
Employee benefits expense
SEK thousand 2025 20241)
Parent Company  
Salaries and other remuneration 20,740 15,992
Social security contributions 3,840 2,634
Pension costs 2,111 2,788
Subsidiaries
Salaries and other remuneration 106,455 105,234
Social security contributions 18,668 10,787
Pension costs 6,620 5,921
Total salaries and remuneration, 
Group127,194 121,226
Total social security contributions, 
Group22,509 13,421
Total pension costs, Group 8,730 8,710
Total, Group 158,433 143,357
Share-based payment (Note 26) 8,452 4,918
Post-employment benefits 2,729 -
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Remuneration of senior executives
Fees are paid to the Chairman of the Board and Board members in 
accordance with resolutions passed by the Annual General Meeting. 
Remuneration to senior executives of the Group is presented below. Senior 
executives comprise the Board of Directors, the Group CEO, the Group CFO 
and the CEOs of each subsidiary.
The Group has share-based incentive programs, which are described in 
Note 26 Share-based payments. 
Salaries and other remuneration of senior executives are presented in Note 
30 Related party transactions.
Remuneration of senior executives
SEK thousand 2025 20241)
Parent Company
Salaries and other remuneration,  
senior executives 19,737 15,724
of which bonuses and similar remuner -
ation 1,554 1,837
Salaries and other remuneration,  
other employees 6,953 5,691
Total salaries and other  
remuneration, Parent Company 26,690 21,415
Group
Salaries and other remuneration,  
senior executives 27,330 23,788
of which bonuses and similar remuner -
ation 4,284 3,995
Salaries and other remuneration,  
other employees 131,103 119,569
Total salaries and other  
remuneration, Group 158,433 143,357
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Pensions 
The retirement age for the CEO and other senior executives is 65, and 
pension premiums correspond to the ITP plan. There are no other pension 
obligations in respect of senior executives.
Severance agreements 
If the CEO terminates the employment, a notice period of six months 
applies, during which salary and benefits are paid in accordance with the 
employment agreement. If the employment is terminated by the Company, 
severance pay equivalent to nine months’ salary is also payable.
42
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 9
Fees to auditors
SEK THOUSAND Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Deloitte AB   
Audit fees 12,271 1,764
Other services 15 85
RSM
Audit fees 594 596
Audit-related services 146 107
Other services 228 554
Total 13,224 3,106Note 8
Expenses by nature 
From the fourth quarter of 2025, the consolidated income statement has 
been presented using the classification by function of expense method. 
For the annual report, the change has been applied from January 1, 2025. 
Costs are allocated to the following functions: Cost of sales, Research and 
development expenses, and Selling, administrative and other expenses.
The composition of these expenses by nature is presented below. A recon -
ciliation from the previous presentation by nature of expense to the new 
presentation by function is provided in Note 31 Change in presentation.
Cost of sales 
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Raw materials and consumables used 67,575 31,230 
Employee benefits expense 82,841 69,271
Other external expenses 88,666 30,467 
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment 69,554 84,046 
Total 308,636 215,015 
Research and development expenses 
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Raw materials and consumables used 4,874 21,110
Employee benefits expense -4,294 3,001
Other external expenses 20,702 24,755
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment 15,005 54,624
Total 36,287 103,490
Selling, administrative and other expenses
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Other external expenses 70,152 38,940
Employee benefits expense 57,588 57,083
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment 21,130 4,459
Other operating expenses -30 -
Total 148,838 100,482
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Note 10
Financial items
SEK THOUSAND Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Finance income   
Interest income 601 4
Total 601 4
Finance costs  
Interest expense on borrowings 24,872 17,718
Interest expense on convertible 
debentures - 7,317
Interest expense on lease liabilities 852 981
Total 25,724 26,016
Other finance income and costs
Exchange gains 9,650 17,001
Exchange losses -44,028 -767
Total -34,378 16,234
43
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Deferred tax
The following table presents the deferred tax assets and deferred tax 
liabilities recognized in the statement of financial position:
Deferred tax assets/liabilities
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Balance, January 1 132,103 135,597
Recognized in profit or loss -14,666 -15,780
Translation differences -20,696 12,286
December 31 96,741 132,103
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Changes in temporary differences recognized in profit or loss during the 
year relate to the following:
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Other intangible assets 14,715 15,835
Other items -49 -55
Recognized in profit or loss 14,666 15,780
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
At the end of the reporting period, the Group had tax loss carryforwards 
totaling SEK 1,196 (1,026) million, attributable to operations in the United 
States, Sweden and Scotland. The tax losses may be utilized against future 
taxable profits.
For tax loss carryforwards in Sivers Semiconductors Inc. amounting to 
SEK 206 (182) million, a deferred tax asset of SEK 44 (48) million has been 
recognized. This relates to the acquisition of MixComm Inc. completed 
in 2022, in which the Group recognized deferred tax liabilities relating to 
intangible assets and a deferred tax asset attributable to tax loss carry -
forwards. The Group recognizes the deferred tax asset because sufficient 
taxable temporary differences exist to support the tax asset. Deferred tax 
liabilities and deferred tax assets are offset because the Group has a legally 
enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and because 
they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the 
same taxable entity.
No deferred tax asset has been recognized for tax loss carryforwards in the 
Group’s other companies due to uncertainty regarding whether and when 
these may be utilized against future taxable profits. The tax losses do not 
expire.Note 11
Income tax
SEK THOUSAND Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Current tax   
Current year - 3,961
Tax attributable to prior years -34 -
Total current tax -34 3,961
Deferred tax 
Origination and reversal  
of temporary differences 14,666 15,780
Total income tax 14,632 19,741
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Current tax
Current tax was 20.6 (20.6) percent in 2025. Taxation for other jurisdic -
tions is calculated at the applicable tax rate in the relevant jurisdiction.
Current tax includes research and development tax credits in Scotland. 
Tax attributable to prior years relates to actual outcomes (following the 
completion of tax returns) compared with estimated amounts for the 
previous year. Deferred tax relates to the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. 
The tax expense for the year can be reconciled to profit before tax as 
follows: Tax expense for the year can be offset against profit before tax for 
the year as follows:
SEK THOUSAND Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Profit before tax -237,201 -203,618
Swedish tax rate 20.6% 48,863 41,945
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses/
non-taxable income -1,400 2,285
Tax effect of deductible expenses not 
recognized in profit or loss 4,211 -
R&D tax credits 2)- 3,961
Change in unrecognized deferred  
tax assets -45,037 -35,700
Utilization of tax loss carryforwards - -
Change in tax calculation method -366 -
Adjustments in respect of prior years -54 -473
Effect of different tax rates in foreign  
subsidiaries 8,414 7,722
Recognized tax for the year 14,632 19,741
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
2)  The Group receives research and development tax credits in Scotland.  
These are calculated in accordance with specific rules under Scottish tax legislation and are 
presented as a separate line item above, as the calculation method is not directly linked to 
the presentation in the statement of comprehensive income. The amount above relates to tax 
credits for the current year as well as tax credits attributable to prior years.NOTES
44
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 12
Earnings per share
Calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on the 
following information:
SEK THOUSAND Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share  -0.81  -0.78
Diluted earnings per share  -0.81  -0.78
Profit
Profit attributable to Parent Company 
shareholders used in the calculation of 
basic and diluted earnings per share -220,569 -183,877
2025 2024
Number of shares
Ordinary shares outstanding, January 1  237,646,796  234,649,894 
Effect of ordinary share issue in May 
2024 - 806,178
Effect of ordinary share issue in 
November 2024 - 158,899
Effect of ordinary share issue in January 
2025 24,955,890 -
Effect of ordinary share issue in February 
2025 4,843,475 -
Conversion of Class C shares into 
ordinary shares in April 2025 201,882 -
Effect of ordinary share issue in 
September 2025 7,072,960 -
Weighted average number of 
ordinary shares used in the calcu -
lation of basic earnings per share 274,721,003 235,614,971
 
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Because the Group is currently loss-making, any potential dilution would 
reduce the loss per share. Accordingly, basic and diluted earnings per share 
are the same for both years. 
Diluted loss per share is calculated based on the weighted average number 
of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the dilutive 
effect of potential ordinary shares. Diluted loss per share does not differ 
from basic loss per share, as the potential ordinary shares that may arise 
from the conversion of subscription rights, employee stock options and 
warrants are anti-dilutive for all periods presented and are therefore 
excluded from the calculation.
For the financial years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the conversion 
of convertible loans into 0 and 1,234,566 ordinary shares, respectively, and 
subscription rights entitling holders to 16,445,000 and 13,597,105 ordinary 
shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings 
per share. This is because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
No bonus element arose in connection with share issues during 2024 and 
2025.
45
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025The carrying amount attributable to goodwill has been allocated to cash-  
generating units as follows:
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Wireless 370,076 416,019
Photonics - -
Investments related to capitalized development expenditure are attributable 
to the development of new products. Capitalized development expenditure 
consists of several development projects within the Group. The useful life 
applied is five years, and amortization commences when a product has been 
completed to a stage where it is ready for mass production. The recov -
erable amount of the cash-generating units that include these capitalized 
development expenditures has been estimated based on the present value 
of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the cash-generating 
units (value in use). The recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount 
and no impairment loss was therefore recognized. In addition, individual 
impairment testing is performed whenever there is an indication of 
impairment.NOTES
Note 13
Goodwill and other intangible assets 
Reconciliation of carrying amounts
SEK thousand GoodwillCustomer 
relationships TechnologyOther  
intangible assets2)Capitalized 
development 
expenditure Total1)
Accumulated cost
January 1, 2024 391,560 30,305 659,421 44,043 361,385 1,486,714
Investments during the year - - - 7,703 27,839 35,541
Reclassifications - - - 2,034 -866 1,168
Impairment - - - - -20,914 -20,914
Grants received - - - - -8,515 -8,515
Exchange differences 24,459 2,887 62,817 3,858 7,113 101,135
December 31, 2024 416,019 33,192 722,238 57,638 366,042 1,595,129
Investments during the year - - - 1,741 56,701 58,442
Reclassifications - - - -317 -17,007 -16,690
Impairment - - - - - -
Grants received - - - - -11,813 -11,813
Exchange differences -45,943 -5,423 -117,997 -7,549 -12,177 -189,089
December 31, 2025 370,076 27,769 604,241 52,147 381,746 1,435,979
Accumulated amortization and impairment
January 1, 2024 - 11,112 80,636 24,569 167,525 283,842
Amortization for the year - 6,375 46,260 2,966 22,476 78,077
Impairment for the year - - - -484 28,484 28,000
Write-offs - - - - -20,914 -20,914
Exchange differences - 1,322 9,595 2,001 2,152 15,070
December 31, 2024 - 18,809 136,491 29,051 199,723 384,074
Amortization for the year - 5,923 42,987 4,130 2,732 55,772
Impairment for the year - - - - 6,343 6,343
Write-offs - - - 541 - 541
Exchange differences - -3,442 -24,983 -3,821 -1,721 -33,967
December 31, 2025 - 21,290 154,495 29,901 207,077 412,763
Carrying amount
December 31, 2025 370,076 6,479 449,746 22,246 174,670 1,023,216
December 31, 2024 416,019 14,383 585,747 28,588 166,318 1,211,055
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
 
2) Other intangible assets include software, patents and licenses.  
Impairment testing
Goodwill and intangible assets not yet ready for use are tested for 
impairment annually or more frequently if there are indications of 
impairment. The Group’s cash-generating units are Wireless and Photonics 
(see Note 5 Operating segments).
Impairment testing was performed for both cash-generating units as of 
December 31, 2025 and 2024. The recoverable amount for each cash-gen -
erating unit is determined as the higher of fair value less costs of disposal 
and value in use. For the year ended December 31, 2025, value in use was 
calculated using a discounted cash flow model based on ten-year cash flow 
projections, consisting of a detailed five-year forecast period followed by a 
five-year extrapolated cash flow forecast used as the basis for calculating a 
terminal value (2024: five-year forecast period and terminal value). 
For the first five years (2024: the first three years), the forecasts are based 
on budgets prepared by management and approved by the Board. For the 
subsequent five years, prior to the calculation of the terminal value, cash 
flows have been extrapolated based on the assumptions applied for year 
5 of the detailed forecast period, with declining revenue growth and stable 
margins gradually converging towards the long-term growth rate applied in 
the calculation of the terminal value at the end of the extrapolated forecast 
period, taking into account expected market growth.
46
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Note 14
Property, plant and equipment
SEK THOUSAND Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Accumulated cost   
January 1  159,347 143,070
Investments during the year 8,703 8,570
Disposals and write-offs -870 -622
Reclassification to/from  
intangible assets 2,681 -1,906
Exchange differences -14,519 10,235
Carrying amount, December 31 155,342 159,347
Accumulated depreciation  
and impairment
January 1 -90,397 -72,852
Depreciation for the year -12,513 -13,657
Impairment for the year -5,400 -
Disposals and write-offs 598 622
Reclassifications 541 -
Exchange differences 7,701 -4,511
December 31 -99,471 -90,397
Carrying amount, December 31 55,872 68,950
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement of financial 
position includes the items presented in this note as well as right-of-use 
assets relating to lease agreements recognized in Note 15 Leases .
Investments in property, plant and equipment during the year relate to the 
expansion of the machinery fleet within the Photonics segment. NOTES
The revenue growth assumptions applied in the impairment testing as of 
December 31, 2025 for the period beyond the most recently approved 
budget period are presented below.
2031  2032  2033  2034 2035
Wireless 19.4% 16.1% 12.8% 9.5% 6.3%
Photonics 29.9% 24.5% 19.1% 13.8% 8.4%
The cash flow forecasts include assumptions relating to sales growth, 
operating margins, working capital requirements and investments. The 
Group operates in markets where significant growth is expected over the 
coming years. Cash flows are therefore expected to increase as the Group 
commences volume production for a number of customers, which explains 
deviations between forecast and historical cash flows.
The key assumptions reflect management’s assessment of future devel -
opments in the relevant industries and are based on both historical 
performance and external and internal forecast data. The terminal value 
is calculated using the Gordon Growth model. Terminal growth rates are 
aligned with long-term nominal GDP growth in the economies in which 
the cash-generating units primarily operate, based on reliable external 
economic forecasts, and do not exceed the estimated long-term growth 
rates for the 5G, SATCOM or Photonics markets.
The discount rate applied represents the weighted average cost of capital, 
based on the cost of equity and the cost of interest-bearing debt, weighted 
to derive an average cost of capital based on assumed levels of equity and 
financial indebtedness. The weighted average cost of capital is intended to 
reflect the risks associated with the cash flows.
Future cash flows are discounted to present value using risk-adjusted 
discount rates determined separately for each cash-generating unit.
The key assumptions for the remaining cash-generating unit were as follows:
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Wireless Photonics Wireless Photonics
Discount rate (pre-tax) 19.3% 27.5% 13.3% 17.1%
Terminal growth rate 3.0% 3.0% 3.0% 3.0%
Forecast revenue 
growth rate (average 
for next five years) 28.2% 43% 49.8% 79.9%
During the year, the Group reassessed certain significant assumptions used 
in the value in use calculations for the Wireless and Photonics cash-gener -
ating units. The discount rate applied in the impairment testing was updated 
for the current year to reflect prevailing market conditions, including 
changes in the risk-free interest rate, market risk premiums and compa -
ny-specific risk factors, resulting in a changed risk profile compared with the 
previous year.
In addition, the Group extended the explicit forecast period from five to 
ten years, consisting of a detailed five-year forecast period followed by a 
five-year extrapolated cash flow forecast forming the basis for the calcu -
lation of a terminal value. This change is based on management’s updated 
assessment of the underlying business dynamics, including longer product 
development and commercialization cycles, increased visibility in expected 
future cash flows and the long-term growth potential of the Company’s 
technology platforms. Management believes that the updated assumptions 
provide a more appropriate and representative basis for estimating the 
recoverable amounts of the cash-generating units as of the reporting date.Sensitivity analysis
For the financial year ended December 31, 2025, the estimated recoverable 
amount of the Wireless cash-generating unit exceeded the carrying amount 
by approximately SEK 516 million. For the Photonics cash-generating unit, 
the estimated recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount by 
approximately SEK 293 million.
Management has identified that a reasonably possible change in two 
significant assumptions could result in the carrying amount exceeding the 
recoverable amount. The table below shows the extent to which the key 
assumptions would need to change for the carrying amounts to equal the 
recoverable amount:
Adjustment required for carrying amount to equal recoverable 
amount
Dec 31, 2025
Wireless Photonics
Discount rate 4.3% 16.9%
Forecast revenue growth rate (average 
for next five years) -6.7% -7.4%
Forecast EBITDA margin growth rate 
(average for next five years) -10.5% -14.7%
 Note 13 (continued)
Goodwill and other intangible assets
47
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 15
Leases
The Group leases buildings for office premises and production, machinery 
and equipment for production and development operations, as well as 
vehicles. Lease terms are normally 3–5 years for equipment and vehicles.
The Group has three significant leases for land and buildings relating to 
premises in Kista, Glasgow and Chatham. The agreement relating to the 
premises in Kista contains extension options of three years at a time, one 
of which has been included in the calculated value of the right-of-use asset, 
with corresponding lease liabilities. The agreement in Glasgow, which was 
entered into in 2020, has a remaining term of five years, with an option to 
terminate no earlier than 2025. The useful life has been set at ten years, of 
which five years remained at the end of the 2025 financial year. The lease in 
Chatham was originally entered into in September 2017 and was subse -
quently extended in July 2020 to September 2023 and from February 2023 
to the end of September 2028.
During 2025, the Group entered into a new lease that had not yet 
commenced as of December 31, 2025. See details in Note 25 Pledged assets 
and contingent liabilities.
Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets relating to leased properties that do not meet the 
definition of investment property are recognized as property, plant and 
equipment:
Carrying amountLand and 
buildings Equipment Vehicles Total
January 1, 2024 19,679 2,758 146 22,583
Additions to  
right-of-use assets - 1,531 - 1,531
Lease modifications1)-41 -819 - -860
Depreciation -4,405 -1,798 -103 -6,306
Exchange differences 952 37 10 999
December 31, 2024 16,184 1,709 53 17,946
Additions to  
right-of-use assets 3,425 3,150 528 7,103
Lease modifications1)-204 - - -204
Depreciation -3,844 -443 -93 -4,380
Exchange differences -1,153 -269 -22 -1,444
December 31, 2025 14,409 4,147 466 19,022
1) Lease modifications relate to agreements that have been extended or terminated early. This 
also includes adjustments presented in Note 32.
Note 16
Subsidiaries
Information about the composition of the Group at the end of the reporting 
period is set out below:
Company name Ownership 2025 Ownership 2024
Sivers Photonics Ltd 1)100% 100%
Sivers Wireless AB 100% 100%
Trebax AB 100% 100%
Sivers India Ltd 100% -
Sivers Semiconductors Inc 100% 100%
1)  Sivers Photonics Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary, holds an ownership interest of 29.63% in III-V 
EPI Limited, which is classified as an associate.Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statement
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Depreciation of right-of-use assets -4,380 -6,306
Interest expense on lease liabilities -850 -970
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
The total cash outflow for leases amounted to SEK 4.6 (7.5) million.
Property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement of financial 
position includes the items presented in Note 14 Property, plant and 
equipment , as well as right-of-use assets relating to leases presented in this 
note.
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Property, plant and equipment (Note 15) 55,872 68,950
Right-of-use assets 19,021 17,945
Total 74,892 86,895
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Lease liabilities
Summary of lease liability maturities:
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Maturity analysis  
Less than 1 year 6,179 4,666
1–2 years 6,584 5,386
2–5 years 8,667 9,271
More than 5 years 541 2,260
Total 21,971 21,583
Of which financing costs  
attributable to future periods 2,507 2,835
Classified as:  
Non-current liabilities 13,553 14,350
Current liabilities 5,911 4,398
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
 
Note 17
Inventories
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Raw materials and consumables 8,836 14,895
Work in progress 8,031 23,445
Finished goods 1,711 2,105
Total, gross 18,577 40,445
Less: provision for obsolete inventory -7,930 -15,516
Total, net 10,648 24,929
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
The Group’s products undergo several processing stages in the production 
process. Customers may purchase the products at different stages 
depending on their intended use. It is not always possible to determine in 
advance which products will be sold in their current state and which will 
require further processing. Accordingly, the disclosure above has been 
divided into raw materials and consumables used, work in progress and 
finished goods. Raw materials and consumables used relate to purchased 
materials, while work in progress and finished goods relate to products for 
which processing has commenced. Inventory write-downs of SEK 7.9 (15.5) 
million were recognized in 2025. 
48
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 19
Prepaid expenses and other receivables 
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Prepaid license costs 2,488 661
Prepaid insurance 1,109 1,172
Prepaid rent 252 1,129
Accrued grant income 8,083 937
Prepaid consulting costs 1,864 -
Other prepaid expenses 11,133 9,223
Total 24,929 13,122
VAT receivables 1,830 2,448
Balance on tax account 3,160 1,313
Other receivables 4,373 3,618
Total 9,363 7,379
Total prepaid expenses and other 
receivables34,292 20,501
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Note 18
Trade receivables
The Group’s credit period is generally 30–45 days. No interest is charged on 
outstanding trade receivables.
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime 
expected credit losses. Expected credit losses for trade receivables are 
calculated using a provision matrix based on a forward-looking analysis 
using historical loss rates and an assessment of customers’ financial 
position, adjusted for factors specific to customers, general economic 
conditions in the industries in which customers operate, and an assessment 
of both current and forecast conditions at the reporting date.
There have been no changes in estimation techniques or significant 
assumptions during the reporting period. In addition, the Group writes off 
trade receivables when there are indications that the customer is experi -
encing significant financial difficulties or when there is no realistic prospect 
of recovery. The contractual amounts relating to trade receivables written 
off during the period amounted to SEK 13.0 (0) million.
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Trade receivables 56,727 79,028
Loss allowances -999 -743
Impairment -13,031 -
Total 42,697 78,285
The table below presents an aging analysis of the Group’s trade receivables
SEK thousand Not past dueTrade receivables – days past due
Total <30 31–60 61–90 91–120 >120 
Dec 31, 2025 25,983 2,711 871 8,819 1,088 17,254 56,727
Dec 31, 2024 29,472 6,346 1,124 1,905 117 40,064 79,028
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .The Group has historically experienced very limited credit losses. However, 
some of the Group’s customers have a pattern of paying invoices late, which 
has resulted in a noticeable proportion of overdue trade receivables in 
previous years. The Group’s customer base primarily consists of a limited 
number of customers that are significant in value. This concentration 
enables close monitoring and regular follow-up of overdue payments. The 
Group works actively to ensure timely payment collection and frequently 
follows up with customers that have unpaid invoices in order to determine 
the reason for non-payment and collect overdue amounts.
The table below shows the movement in the Group’s allowance for 
credit losses and other doubtful trade receivables:
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance -743 -5,061
Provision for the year -13,485 -743
Reversed amounts 93 5,061
Exchange differences 105 -
Closing balance -14,030 -743
The Company’s management of loss allowances for contract assets relating 
to credit risk is described in Note 29 Financial instruments.
49
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 20
Equity
Number Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Authorized number of shares:
Ordinary shares, quota value SEK 0.50 296,534,751 237,646,796
Class C shares, quota value SEK 0.50 14,798,821 -
 311,333,572 237,646,796
Issued and fully paid shares:
Shares outstanding as of January 1, quota 
value SEK 0.50 237,646,796 234,649,894
Directed share issues 73,686,776 1,762,336
Conversion of loans - 1,234,566
Shares outstanding as of December 
31, quota value SEK 0.50311,333,572 237,646,796
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 296,534,751 ordinary shares and 
14,798,821 Class C shares outstanding. The ordinary shares carry one vote 
each.
During 2025, two directed share issues were carried out, of which the first 
was completed in two stages, as well as an issue of 16,298,821 Class C 
shares, of which 1,500,000 shares were converted into ordinary shares and 
the remainder repurchased by the Company. The Class C shares carried 0.1 
votes each but no right to dividends.
During 2024, a directed share issue to the Group’s CEO was carried out in 
connection with the appointment of the CEO, amounting to SEK 6.9 million. 
Share issue expenses during 2025 amounted to SEK 14.0 (0.5) million. 
Further information is provided in Note 30, Related party transactions.
Specification of share premium reserve
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Share premium reserve arising on share 
issues 2,070,504 1,896,375
Transaction costs relating to share issues -65,885 -51,894
Total 2,004,621 1,844,481
Specification of translation reserve
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Balance, January 1 137,760 67,317
Exchange differences on translation of 
net assets in foreign operations -121,791 70,433
December 31 15,969 137,760
Treasury shares
SEK thousandNumber of shares
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance, treasury shares - 2,542,860
Change during the year 15,915,035 -2,542,860
Closing balance, treasury shares 15,915,035 -
SEK thousandEquity amount (SEK thousand)
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance, treasury shares 11,188 -1,786
Change during the year -8,149 12,974
Closing balance, treasury shares 3,039 11,188Warrants 
Number of sharesNumber of shares
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance, warrants - -
Issued warrants 3,318,029 -
Reduction in warrants -1,659,014 -
Closing balance, warrants 1,659,015 -
Convertible loans
Number of sharesNumber of shares
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance, convertible loans 
(shares) 1,234,566 -
Change during the year - 1,234,566
Closing balance, convertible loans 1,234,566 1,234,566
Share-based payments
Number of sharesNumber of shares
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance, share-based payment 
(shares) 13,597,105 7,995,926
Change during the year 2,847,895 5,601,179
Closing balance, share-based 
payment 16,445,000 13,597,105
SEK thousandEquity amount (SEK thousand)
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Opening balance, share-based payment 20,920 15,215
Change during the year 7,801 5,704
Closing balance, share-based 
payment 28,721 20,920
Treasury shares amounted to 15,915,035 (0) as of December 31, 2025. 
During 2024, all treasury shares held by the Company were disposed of. 
Repurchases of treasury shares are recognized as a deduction from equity, 
and proceeds from the sale of treasury shares under the option programs 
are recognized as an increase in equity. Treasury shares are included in the 
equity line item accumulated deficit, including profit or loss for the year.
50
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 23
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Deferred grant income 2)596 665
Accrued vacation pay liability and social 
security contributions 6,795 5,595
Other employee-related costs 5,945 6,813
Accrued consulting costs 34,323 16,368
Accrued accounting and audit costs 13,628 1,496
Accrued material costs 11,475 -
Other accrued costs 10,111 933
Total accrued costs 82,873 31,870
Withholding tax, social security contribu -
tions and VAT 4,451 5,449
Other current liabilities 8,891 6,955
Total other current liabilities 13,341 12,404
Total accrued expenses and other 
current liabilities 96,213 44,274
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
2)  Deferred grant income relates to RSA grants and will be recognized over 78 months (from 
December 2024) and 66 months (from December 2025), respectively. For further information, 
see Note 28 Government grants.Note 21
Liabilities to credit institutions
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Non-current borrowings
Bank loans 12,093 19,916
Total non-current borrowings  12,093  19,916
Current borrowings
Convertible loans - 54,000
Other borrowings 90,609 76,117
Total current and  
non-current borrowings102,702 150,033
The Group’s borrowings are subject to customary loan covenants, including 
restrictions relating to additional indebtedness, dividends, disposal of assets 
and other specified actions without the consent of the lenders. Certain 
intercompany loans within the Group are contractually subordinated to the 
Group’s external financing and are not repayable until these senior credit 
facilities have been settled in full.
New borrowings
During 2025, Sivers Semiconductors Inc. entered into a loan agreement 
relating to a long-term loan facility of up to USD 12 million, bearing interest 
at the higher of the US prime rate + 2.5% or 9%. The loan has a term of one 
year with the option of up to two one-year extensions. In connection with 
the loan transaction, the Group issued 3,318,029 warrants exercisable at a 
subscription price of SEK 4.53. 
On initial recognition, the financial instrument was assessed to be a 
compound financial instrument consisting of an equity instrument valued at 
SEK 938,134, calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and 
a financial liability valued at USD 12 million. During 2025, the Group repaid 
USD 2.5 million of the outstanding long-term loan, thereby reducing the 
number of warrants to 1,659,015.
During 2024, Sivers Semiconductors AB raised loans and borrowings 
amounting to SEK 26 million. A loan of SEK 13.5 million, including interest, 
was repaid in February 2025. In addition, the Company had a loan facility of 
SEK 15 million maturing in May 2025 and bearing floating interest at STIBOR 
3M + 10%. Sivers Semiconductors AB also entered into a credit facility 
with a maximum limit of SEK 25 million, of which approximately SEK 11.3 
million had been utilized as of the reporting date, bearing floating interest 
at STIBOR 3M plus 3.65%. In addition, Sivers Photonics raised a long-term 
loan of GBP 1.3 million. The loan bears interest at 14 percent and matures 
in 2031.
Convertible loans
During 2024, Sivers Semiconductors AB raised a convertible loan of SEK 
35 million. During the year, SEK 6 million of the total amount raised was 
converted into 1,234,566 ordinary shares at a conversion price of SEK 4.86. 
The loan carried a floating interest rate corresponding to STIBOR 3M + 8% 
and matured on May 30, 2025. The remaining convertible loan was repaid 
in full during May 2025 and therefore had no outstanding balance as of 
December 31, 2025.Note 22
Provisions
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Social security contributions relating to 
employee stock options 1,252 602
Provision for onerous contracts 2,717 2,130
Total 3,969 2,732
Current - -
Non-current 3,969 2,732
Total 3,969 2,732
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
SEK thousandSocial security 
contributions 
relating to 
employee stock 
options Total 1)
January 1, 2024 1,130 1,130
Reversed during the year -528 -528
Utilized during the year - -
December 31, 2024 602 602
January 1, 2025 602 602
Reversed during the year - -
Additions during the year 650 650
December 31, 2025 1,252 1,252
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
The provisions arose as a result of social security contributions relating 
to vested share-based incentive programs for employees, which involve 
uncertainty regarding the final timing and amount to be paid to employees. 
The provision for social security contributions has been calculated based 
on the social security contribution rates applicable in each country where 
employees have earned the benefits. The change in the provision reflects 
the remeasurement of the provision made during previous years.
51
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 25
Pledged assets and contingent liabilities
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Shares in subsidiaries - 30,686
Total - 30,686
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Shares in subsidiaries relate to pledged shares in Sivers Wireless AB attrib -
utable to a credit facility repaid in February 2025.
During 2025, the Group entered into a non-cancelable two-year lease 
agreement relating to office premises that had not yet commenced as 
of December 31, 2025. The total commitment as of December 31, 2025 
amounted to SEK 890,854.
The Board of Directors has not identified any contingent liabilities.Note 24
Notes to the Statement of Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Cash and bank balances 29,659 17,767
Total 26,659 17,767
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Cash and bank balances consist of cash and short-term bank deposits with 
maturities of three months or less. The carrying amount of these assets 
approximates their fair value. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the 
reporting period, as presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows, 
can be reconciled to the items in the statement of financial position shown 
above.Non-cash transactions
Acquisitions of buildings, equipment and vehicles during the year totaling 
SEK 7.1 (1.5) million were financed through new lease agreements.
Changes in liabilities attributable to financing activities 
The table below presents changes in the Group’s liabilities attributable to 
financing activities, including changes arising from cash flows and changes 
not affecting cash flows. Liabilities attributable to financing activities are 
liabilities for which the cash flows have been classified, or for which future 
cash flows will be classified, as cash flow from financing activities in the 
statement of cash flows.
2025 Non-cash transactions
SEK thousand Jan 1, 2025Cash flow  
from financingExchange rate 
changesCapitalized 
interestDeferred 
borrowing costsConversion of 
debt to shares New leases Dec 31, 2025
Lease liabilities (Note 15) 18,748 -4,563 -501 - - - 7,105 19,464
Liabilities to credit institutions 
(Note 21) 96,033 14,168 -7,597 3,455 -3,357 - - 102,702
Convertible loans (Note 21) 54,000 -54,000 - - - - - -
Total liabilities from  
financing activities 168,781 -44,395 -8,098 3,455 - 3,357 - 7,105 122,166
2024 Non-cash transactions
SEK thousand Jan 1, 2024Cash flow from 
financingExchange rate 
changesCapitalized 
interestDeferred 
borrowing costsConversion of 
debt to shares New leases Dec 31, 20241)
Lease liabilities (Note 15) 24,113 -7,419 523 - - - 1,531 18,748
Liabilities to credit institutions 
(Note 21) 47,988 39,189  - 1,914 6,942 - 96,033
Convertible loans (Note 21) 23,917 36,083 - - - -6,000 - 54,000
Total liabilities from  
financing activities 96,018 67,853 523 1,914 6,942 -6,000 1,531 168,781
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
52
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Dec 31, 2025Outstanding at 
beginning of 
periodGranted during 
periodForfeited during 
periodExercised during 
periodExpired during 
periodOutstanding at 
end of periodExercisable at end 
of periodOutstanding at end 
of period (adjusted)
P04 880,000 - -460,000 - - 420,000 420,000 420,000
P05 485,000 - -65,000 - - 420,000 420,000 420,000
P07 250,000 - - - - 250,000 250,000 250,000
P08 5,050,000 - -3,900,000 - - 1,150,000 - 1,150,000
P09 6,020,000 830,000 -2,855,000 - - 3,995,000 - 3,995,000
P10 - 7,045,000 -60,000 - - 6,985,000 - 6,985,000
P10 swapped - 3,247,500 -22,500 - - 3,225,000 - 3,225,000
12,685,000 11,122,500 -7,362,500 - - 16,445,000 1,090,000 16,445,000
Dec 31, 2024Outstanding at 
beginning of 
periodGranted during 
periodForfeited during 
periodExercised during 
periodExpired during 
periodOutstanding at 
end of periodExercisable at end 
of periodOutstanding at end 
of period (adjusted)
P03 323,821 - - - -323,821 - - -
P04 880,000 - - - - 880,000 880,000 880,000
P05 485,000 - - - - 485,000 485,000 485,000
P07 250,000 - - - - 250,000 250,000 250,000
P08 5,145,000 150,000 -245,000 - - 5,050,000 - 5,050,000
P09 - 6,020,000 - - - 6,020,000 - 6,020,000
7,083,821 6,170,000 -245,000 - -323,821 12,685,000 1,615,000 12,685,000to exercise depends on the extent to which the Group’s performance 
conditions are satisfied. The performance condition is based on the average 
annual growth in the Group’s net sales for the financial years 2021, 2023 
and 2024. Of these, 250,000 options remained outstanding, all of which had 
vested as of the end of the period.
At the Annual General Meeting held on May 15, 2024, an employee stock 
option program, P08, comprising a total of 4,300,000 employee stock 
options, was approved, of which 3,980,000 have been granted, together with 
an additional 1,585,000 options granted in exchange for outstanding P07 
options. The final number of employee stock options that each participant is 
entitled to exercise depends on the extent to which the Group’s perfor -
mance conditions are satisfied. The performance condition is based on the 
average annual growth in the Group’s net sales for the financial years 2024 
and 2025. No options under this program had vested as of the end of either 
the 2024 or 2025 reporting periods.
At the Extraordinary General Meeting held on October 11, 2024, an 
employee stock option program, P09, comprising a total of 7,500,000 
employee stock options, was approved, of which 6,020,000 have been 
granted. The final number of employee stock options that each participant is 
entitled to exercise depends on the extent to which the Group’s perfor -
mance conditions are satisfied. The performance condition is based on the 
average annual growth in the Group’s net sales for the financial years 2024, 
2025 and 2026. No options under this program had vested as of the end of 
the reporting period.
At the Annual General Meeting held on May 28, 2025, an employee stock 
option program, P10, comprising a total of 11,100,000 employee stock 
options, was approved, of which 9,202,500 have been granted. The Annual 
General Meeting also resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to 
offer Group employees, at the Board’s sole discretion, the opportunity to 
exchange either all or none of the options granted under previous option 
programs for options granted under the terms of P10 as a modification 
of the plan and in addition to the maximum number of options described 
above, whereby two options under previous programs may be exchanged 
for one option under the terms of P10. The final number of employee stock 
options that each participant is entitled to exercise depends on the extent 
to which the Group’s performance conditions are satisfied. No options 
under this program had vested as of the end of the reporting period. To 
secure delivery of options to participants in the employee stock option 
programs and to hedge cash flows attributable to social security contribu -
tions arising upon delivery of options to participants, the Annual General 
Meetings held in 2025 and 2024 authorized the Board of Directors to issue 
Class C shares that may be repurchased and converted into ordinary shares 
following resolution by the Board. A summary of options granted under the 
programs is presented below.Note 26
Share-based payments
The Group has various long-term incentive programs designed to align the 
interests of the Company’s shareholders and key employees in order to 
increase the Group’s long-term value and retain key employees within the 
Group. 
Share-based payment expenses, classified as selling, administrative and 
general expenses in the consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income, were as follows:
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023
Share-based options 8,032,645 2,705,095 3,558,309
Share savings program 419,151 2,213,078 -1,883,759
Total 8,451,796 4,918,173 1,674,550
Employee stock option programs
Sivers Semiconductors had six employee stock option programs outstanding 
at year-end.
The option programs outstanding at the end of the period have the 
following terms: 1) 2017–2026, 2) 2020–2027, 3) 2021–2026, 4) 2023–2028, 
5) 2024–2029, and 6) 2025–2031.
Upon full conversion of outstanding employee stock options, the total 
number of shares would amount to 327,808,572. As of December 31, 2025, 
the total number of outstanding employee stock options amounted to 
16,445,000, of which 1,090,000 options had vested. All options were granted 
free of charge to employees.
At the Extraordinary General Meeting held on November 9, 2015, an option 
program, P03, comprising a total of 1,800,000 employee stock options, was 
approved. The option program expired on December 31, 2024.
At the Extraordinary General Meeting held on May 30, 2017, an option 
program, P04, comprising a total of 5,650,000 employee stock options, was 
approved. Of these, 420,000 options remained outstanding at year-end, all 
of which had vested by the end of the period.
At the Annual General Meeting held on May 22, 2019, an employee stock 
option program, P05, comprising a total of 1,700,000 employee stock 
options, was approved. Of these, 420,000 options remained outstanding at 
year-end, all of which had vested by the end of the period.
At the Annual General Meeting held on May 20, 2021, an employee 
stock option program, P07, comprising a total of 3,772,000 employee 
stock options, was approved, of which 2,965,000 have been granted. The 
final number of employee stock options that each participant is entitled 
53
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
The outstanding options as of December 31, 2025 had a weighted average 
exercise price of SEK 4.75, and the remaining terms of the employee stock 
option programs were distributed as follows:
Exercise price 
rangeRemaining term of  
option programWeighted average 
remaining term, 
months
P04 4.70–9.58 2026-06-30 6.0
P05 9.38–10.23 2027-05-22 16.73
P07 27.56 2026-09-30 9.0
P08 8.62 2028-06-30 30.0
P09 2.69–5.25 2029-11-17 46.57
P10 3.82–4.49 2031-11-24 70.8
P10 swap 4.38 2031-07-03 66.1
During 2025, a total of 0 employee stock options (0 after recalculation) 
were exercised. During the year, 11,152,000 options were granted, while 
7,362,500 options were forfeited as the relevant employees were no longer 
employed by the Group or through exchange into P10.
Under the Group’s policy for the grant and exercise of employee stock 
options, participants must remain employed by the Group at the time of 
exercise in order to be entitled to acquire one share in Sivers Semicon -
ductors AB at a price corresponding to 110–130 percent of the average 
volume-weighted share price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm 
or another marketplace on the trading day on which the employee stock 
options are granted to the participant. During 2025, options with an 
estimated grant-date fair value totaling SEK 16.9 million were granted.  
 During 2024, options with an estimated grant-date fair value totaling SEK 
17.9 million were granted. Fair value at the grant date is calculated using the 
Black-Scholes valuation model. Service conditions and non-market perfor -
mance conditions attached to the options have not been taken into account 
in the measurement of fair value. The number of options and the weighted 
average exercise price are presented below.  
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Number of 
optionsWeighted 
average 
exercise 
priceNumber of 
optionsWeighted 
average 
exercise 
price
Outstanding at  
beginning of year 12,685,000 5.90 7,083,821 8.78
Granted during year 11,152,500 4.32 6,170,000 2.84
Forfeited during year -7,362,500 6.13 -245,000 8.78
Exercised during year - - - -
Expired during year - - -323,821 4.46
Outstanding at end of 
year 16,475,000 4.75 12,685,000 5.90
Exercisable at  
end of year 1,090,000 11.82 1,615,000 9.29The data used in the measurement of the fair values of share-based 
payments at the respective grant dates and modification dates as of 
December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
2025 2024 2025 2024
Fair value at grant dateFair value at modification 
date
Weighted average share 
price 3.80 1.94 4.33 1.94
Weighted average 
exercise price 4.32 2.69 5.48 2.69
Expected volatility 53% 37% 68% 37%
Option term 4 years 5 years 5 years 5 years
Risk-free interest rate 1.99% 1.96% 1.35% 1.96%
Expected dividend - - - -
Expected volatility was calculated based on the historical volatility of the 
Group’s share price over a three-year period. The Group recognized 
expenses of SEK 8.5 (4.9) million relating to employee stock option 
programs, including social security contributions, during 2025. All 
outstanding employee stock option programs are equity-settled share-
based payment arrangements. 
The Group’s 2022 share savings program
During 2022, the Group established a share savings program covering 
Group management and key employees within the Group, with a three-year 
savings period. Participants who retain their savings shares during the 
savings period and who also remain employed by the Group throughout the 
savings period may, following the end of the savings period, receive ordinary 
shares in the Company free of charge (“Performance Shares”), provided that 
the performance conditions are satisfied.
The share savings program is recognized as employee benefits expense 
over the vesting period, without affecting the Group’s cash flow, and is 
accounted for as an equity-settled share-based payment arrangement. 
Grant-date fair value was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
The Group has not included any expected dividends in the calculation of fair 
value. All Performance Shares were settled during 2025.  
Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Number of 
performance 
sharesWeighted 
average 
grant-date 
fair valueNumber of 
performance 
sharesWeighted 
average 
grant-date 
fair value
Outstanding at  
beginning of year 912,105 11.26 912,105 11.26
Granted during the year -400,786 - - -
Forfeited during year -511,319 11.26
Outstanding at  
end of year - 11.26 912,105 11.26
54
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 28
Government grants
Grant income
Government grants recognized in the income statement during the year 
relate solely to Photonics projects. Wireless did not recognize any grant 
income during 2025 (2024: SEK 0).
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Photonics 8,887 5,650 
Total 8,887 5,650
Grants received 
During 2025, the Group received government grants within both the 
Wireless and Photonics segments amounting to SEK 20.7 (14.2) million. 
The grants received primarily relate to R&D projects financed by national 
innovation agencies and EU programs. 
Grants received for development projects reduce the amount of capitalized 
development expenditure.
Other intangible assets
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Grants received
Wireless -9,100 -8,515
Photonics -2,713 -
Total -11,813 -8,515
Deferred income relating to government grants arises when the Group 
receives grants but has not yet incurred the costs that the grants are 
intended to cover. At the end of 2025, deferred income relating to 
government grants amounted to SEK 3.2 (4.2) million, of which SEK 0.6 (0.7) 
million is expected to be recognized within 12 months. All deferred income 
is attributable to the Photonics segment.
Deferred income
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Current 596 664
Non-current 2,606 3,571
Total 3,202 4,235
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Accrued government grants
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Accrued government grants 8,083 937
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Note 27
Pension obligations 
The Group has both defined benefit pension plans (ITP 2) and defined 
contribution pension plans (ITP 1).
For salaried employees in Sweden, the defined benefit pension obligations 
under the ITP 2 plan relating to old-age pension and family pension benefits 
(or family pension) are secured through insurance with Alecta. According 
to the statement UFR 10 Accounting for the ITP 2 pension plan financed 
through insurance with Alecta, issued by the Swedish Corporate Reporting 
Board, this is a multi-employer defined benefit plan. For the 2024 financial 
year, the Group did not have access to sufficient information to account for 
its proportional share of the plan’s obligations, plan assets and costs, which 
meant that the plan could not be accounted for as a defined benefit plan. 
The ITP 2 pension plan secured through insurance with Alecta is therefore 
accounted for as a defined contribution plan. The premium for the defined 
benefit old-age and family pension is individually calculated and depends on 
salary, previously earned pension benefits and expected remaining service 
period. Expected premiums for the next reporting period relating to ITP 2 
insurance policies with Alecta amount to SEK 1.5 (1.3) million.
The Group’s share of the total premiums paid to the plan amounts to 
0.01042 (0.00721) percent and the Group’s share of the total number of 
active members in the plan amounts to 0.00278 (0.00263) percent. The 
collective funding ratio is the market value of Alecta’s assets as a percentage 
of the insurance obligations calculated in accordance with Alecta’s actuarial 
methods and assumptions, which are not consistent with IAS 19. The 
collective funding ratio is normally permitted to vary between 125 percent 
and 175 percent. In order to strengthen the funding level if it is considered 
too low, one possible measure is to increase the agreed price for new 
policies and increases in existing benefits. If the funding ratio exceeds 
150 percent, premium reductions may be introduced. At the end of 2025, 
Alecta’s surplus in the form of the collective funding ratio amounted to 167 
(162) percent.
The premiums to Alecta are determined based on assumptions regarding 
interest rates, life expectancy, administrative costs and yield tax, and are 
calculated so that payment of a constant premium up to retirement is 
sufficient to fund the entire target benefit, which is based on the insured 
employee’s current pensionable salary and is expected to be fully vested at 
retirement.
There is no established framework governing how any deficits that may arise 
are to be managed. However, losses are primarily to be covered by Alecta’s 
collective funding capital and therefore do not result in increased costs 
through higher agreed premiums. There is also no established framework 
governing how any surplus or deficit is to be allocated upon termination of 
the plan or withdrawal from the plan by participating companies.
Payments to the defined contribution pension plans and to Alecta are recog -
nized as an expense when employees have rendered the services entitling 
them to the contributions.
The Group’s pension expense for 2025 amounted to SEK 8.7 (8.7) million.
Plans in the UK and US
The Group has defined contribution pension plans in the United Kingdom 
and the United States.
55
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Fair value
For all financial assets and liabilities above that are measured at amortized 
cost, the carrying amount approximates fair value. The loans bear interest 
rates that are considered, in all material respects, to correspond to current 
market rates. Accordingly, no disclosures have been provided regarding the 
fair value or fair value hierarchy level of these instruments.
Dec 31, 2025
SEK thousand Fair value LevelAmortized 
cost Total
Financial assets:
Cash and bank balances 
(Note 24) - - 29,659 29,659
Restricted bank funds 13,802 13,802
Trade receivables (Note 
18) - - 42,697 42,697
Financial liabilities:
Other borrowings (Note 
21) - - 102,702 102,702
Trade payables - - 47,905 47,905
Other liabilities2)- - 72,366 72,366
Dec 31, 2024
SEK thousand Fair value LevelAmortized 
cost Total1)
Financial assets:
Cash and bank balances 
(Note 24) - - 17,767 17,767
Trade receivables (Note 
18) - - 78,285 78,285
Financial liabilities:   
Convertible loans - 54,000 54,000
Other borrowings (Note 
21) - 96,033 96,033
Trade payables - 27,524 27,524
Other liabilities2)- 19,856 19,856
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
2)  Other liabilities above include other liabilities in the statement of financial position that 
constitute financial instruments measured at amortized cost included in Note 23 Accrued 
expenses and other current liabilities. 
Financial risks
As the Group is in a development phase and does not yet generate suffi -
cient earnings from sales to cover operating costs, it is exposed to significant 
liquidity risk, i.e. the risk of being unable to meet payment obligations due to 
insufficient liquidity. The Group is also exposed to currency risk, as a signif -
icant portion of its revenue, costs, assets and liabilities are denominated in 
foreign currencies.
In addition, the Group is exposed to credit risk, i.e. the risk that a counter -
party will be unable to meet its obligations, relating to its financial assets. 
The Group is also exposed to interest rate risk, as the loans raised during 
2024 and 2025 carry floating interest rates.
The Group’s management team continuously monitors and evaluates 
financial risks and decides on measures to manage these risks. Financial risk 
management is carried out in accordance with the Group’s treasury policy 
and risk management policy.Note 29
Financial instruments 
Classes and categories of financial instruments and their fair values 
The table below provides information about:
•  classes of financial instruments based on their characteristics and nature;
•  the carrying amounts of financial instruments; and
•  financial instruments measured at fair value (except where the carrying 
amount of financial instruments approximates fair value), and the fair 
value hierarchy for financial assets and financial liabilities.
Fair value hierarchy Levels 1–3 are based on the degree to which the 
inputs used in the measurement of fair value are observable:
•  Level 1 fair value measurements are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the 
measurement date;
•  Level 2  fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other 
than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the 
asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived 
from prices); and
•  Level 3  fair value measurements for assets and liabilities are those 
derived from valuation techniques that include inputs that are not based 
on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
All exchange gains and losses recognized in the income statement relate 
to financial instruments measured at amortized cost. All interest expense 
relates to financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. Other finance 
income and costs relate to financial instruments measured at amortized 
cost.
56
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  SEK thousand Up to 1 month 1–3 months Between 3 
months  
and 1 year (i) 1–2 years 2–5 yearsMore than 5 
yearsCarrying  
amount
Dec 31, 2025
Trade payables and other liabilities 26,273 23,949 43,589 2,052 23,856 - 119,719
Lease liabilities 613 1,514 3,937 7,335 9,139 541 23,078
Variable-interest financial instruments 
(nominal) - - 87,413 - - - 87,413
Fixed-interest financial instruments 
(nominal 245 734 1,957 2,935 9,539 - 15,410
Interest on interest-bearing instruments 898 1,923 2,205 1,935 3,451 - 10,412
Total 28,029 28,120 139,101 14,257 45,985 541 256,032
SEK thousand Up to 1 month 1–3 months Between 3 
months  
and 1 year (i) 1–2 years 2–5 yearsMore than 5 
yearsCarrying  
amount1)
Dec 31, 2024
Trade payables and other liabilities 32,202 10,148 5,030 - - - 47,380
Lease liabilities 412 1,172 2,966 5,463 8,523 2,260 20,795
Variable-interest financial instruments 
(nominal) - 13,294 119,000 - - - 132,294
Fixed-interest financial instruments 
(nominal - - 818 3,273 13,092 818 18,001
Interest on interest-bearing instruments - 4,145 4,805 2,616 5,882 124 17,572
Total 32,615 28,759 132,619 11,352 27,497 3,202 236,043
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial 
instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market prices. Market risk 
comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price 
risk, such as commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk 
include loans and borrowings, deposits, debt and equity investments, and 
derivative instruments.
Currency risk
The Group conducts transactions in foreign currencies and is therefore 
exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations.
The Group is primarily exposed to GBP and USD. For the Photonics 
segment, the majority of costs are denominated in GBP, while a significant 
portion of revenue is denominated in USD. The Wireless segment has a 
significant share of revenue in USD and purchases of goods in USD and 
EUR, while a large proportion of costs (employee benefits expense and 
other operating expenses) are denominated in SEK.Currency exposure in net sales and cost of sales
The Group’s revenue and operating expenses by currency are as follows:
SEK thousandRevenue Cost of sales
Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 
20241)Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 
20241)
GBP 43,099 26,270 80,725 115,094
USD 210,656 207,896 167,336 121,623
EUR 50,369 3,651 8,131 10,417
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .Liquidity risk management
The Group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring short- and 
long-term forecasts and actual cash flows by matching the maturity profiles 
of financial assets and liabilities. Short-term outflows are managed using 
cash and cash equivalents. After the reporting period, the Group entered 
into a refinancing agreement through a convertible loan of USD 17 million. 
See Note 33 Events after the reporting period. The proceeds from the loan 
will be used to repay all existing interest-bearing liabilities.Exposure to liquidity risk
The tables below describe the Group’s remaining contractual maturities 
for its non-derivative financial liabilities with contractual payment periods, 
as well as liabilities relating to lease liabilities measured in accordance with 
IFRS 16. The tables have been prepared based on the undiscounted cash 
flows of financial liabilities using the earliest dates on which the Group may 
be required to make payment, even if extensions are permitted. For lease 
liabilities, extension options that the Group expects to exercise have also 
been included.NOTES
Note 29 (continued)
Financial instruments
57
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Currency sensitivity analysis
Based on the revenue, cost and currency structure, a general strengthening/
weakening of GBP against the Swedish krona by 10 percent would affect 
gross profit by approximately SEK -3.7/3.7 million (-9.5/9.5 million). A general 
strengthening/weakening of USD against the Swedish krona by 10 percent 
would affect gross profit by approximately SEK 3.5/-3.5 million (7.6/-7.6 
million).
Currency exposure in monetary assets and liabilities
The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities denom -
inated in foreign currencies as of the reporting date are presented in the 
table below.
SEK thousandLiabilities Assets
Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 
20241)Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 
20241)
GBP 7,915 13,529 13,944 8,831
USD 145,240 26,094 231,580 149,677
EUR 4,578 3,557 475 10,422
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
The table below describes the Group’s sensitivity to a 10 percent increase 
in the relevant foreign exchange rates against SEK. The sensitivity analysis 
includes only outstanding monetary items denominated in foreign 
currencies and adjusts their translation at year-end for a 10 percent 
change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes external 
loans and loans to foreign operations within the Group where the loan is 
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the lender 
or borrower.
A positive amount below indicates an increase in profit and equity given a 10 
percent increase in the exchange rate against SEK.
SEK millionGBP impact USD impact
Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 
20241)Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 
20241)
Income statement - - 79.4 135.9
Equity (translation 
effect) 3.7 8.1 -1.1 -1.9
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Interest rate risk
The financing obtained during 2025 amounting to USD 12 million bears 
interest at a monthly rate ranging from the US prime rate + 2.5% to 9%. 
In relation to expectations regarding future interest rate levels, this is not 
considered to constitute a significant risk for the Group.
The Group’s capital management
The Group defines capital as equity attributable to owners of the Parent 
Company. The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to 
continue as a going concern and maintain the capacity for strong growth. 
This overall strategy has remained unchanged since 2021.As the Group is in a growth phase and does not yet have the ability to cover 
costs solely through sales revenue, the Group has raised capital through 
share issues. The Board of Directors continuously evaluates cash and cash 
equivalents in relation to upcoming payments and the Group’s investment 
needs in order to achieve maximum growth and, based on authorization 
from the AGM, decides whether additional capital should be raised.
The Board also continuously evaluates other financing alternatives, such as 
loans, and enters into such agreements when considered advantageous 
from a risk and cost perspective.
The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.
Commodity risk
The Group’s operations are dependent on certain highly complex input 
materials, and the Group cannot control the factors affecting the pricing 
of the input materials and raw materials on which the Group depends. 
If pricing suddenly deviates from expected levels, there is a risk that the 
Group may not be able to obtain the quantity of input materials required 
for the intended production. Increased costs for input materials may lead 
to reduced margins for the Group, and difficulties in obtaining sufficient 
volumes of input materials may result in production constraints and 
reduced sales.
Credit risk management
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will fail to meet its obligations 
under a financial instrument or customer contract, resulting in a financial 
loss.
The Group is exposed to credit risk arising from its operating activities 
(primarily trade receivables and contract assets) and from its financing 
activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign 
exchange transactions and other financial instruments.
New customers are required to undergo credit checks before being 
granted credit by the Group. Customers are subsequently assigned credit 
limits based on these assessments. Where new customers do not have a 
sufficiently strong credit rating, the Group may require advance payment 
in order to avoid exposure to default risk. Monitoring processes are also 
in place to ensure that follow-up measures are taken to recover overdue 
amounts. The Group also reviews the recoverable amount of each trade 
receivable and debt investment on an individual basis at the end of each 
reporting period to ensure that adequate allowances are made for irrecov -
erable amounts.
Historically, the Group has experienced very limited credit losses. However, 
certain customers have a pattern of paying invoices late, which in previous 
years has resulted in a significant proportion of overdue trade receivables.
The Group’s customer base primarily consists of a limited number of 
high-value customers. This concentration enables close monitoring and 
regular follow-up of overdue payments. The Group works actively to ensure 
that outstanding invoices are paid on time and frequently follows up on 
unpaid customer invoices to determine the reason for non-payment and 
recover overdue amounts.
The overall credit risk related to trade receivables and contract assets 
has therefore been assessed as low. Historically, the Group has incurred 
few credit losses as a result of defaults. The Group’s provision matrix for 
expected credit losses on contract assets and trade receivables resulted in 
insignificant amounts and the general allowance is therefore immaterial.
The credit risk relating to cash and cash equivalents is limited as the 
counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international 
credit rating agencies.NOTES
58
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
2025
SEK thousandBase salary/  
Board feesVariable 
remunerationShare-based 
paymentOther remuner -
ation Pension expense Total
Bami Bastani, Chairman 1,730 - 372 196 - 2,298
Tomas Duffy 700 - - - - 700
Erik Fällström 375 - - - - 375
Todd Thomson 475 - - - - 475
Karin Raj 425 - - - - 425
Keith Halsey 380 - - - - 380
Vickram Vathulya, CEO 3,439 - 1,318 328 - 5,085
Other senior executives 10,054 1,554 1,235 3,337 1,413 17,593
Total remuneration of senior executives 17,577 1,554 2,925 3,861 1,413 27,331
2024
SEK thousandBase salary/  
Board feesVariable 
remunerationShare-based 
paymentOther remuner -
ation Pension expense Total1)
Bami Bastani, Chairman 1,050 - 172 383 - 1,605
Tomas Duffy 790 - - - - 790
Erik Fällström 375 - - - - 375
Beth Topolovsky 1)153 - - - - 153
Karin Raj 253 - - - - 253
Keith Halsey 236 - - - - 236
Vickram Vathulya, CEO 1,210 962 74 - - 2,246
Anders Storm 2)2,344 1,057 742 - 1,296 5,439
Other senior executives 8,654 1,975 509 347 1,205 12,691
Total remuneration of senior executives 15,066 3,995 1,497 729 2,502 23,788
2)  Beth Topolovsky resigned from the Board at the Annual General Meeting held on May 15, 2024. 
3) Anders Storm stepped down as CEO in September 2024.Note 30
Related party transactions
Intra-Group balances and transactions between the Company and its 
subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on consoli -
dation and are not disclosed in this note.
During 2024, the Group, through its subsidiaries Sivers Wireless AB and 
Sivers Semiconductors Inc, sold two of its trade receivables to two members 
of the Board of Directors. The transaction amount totaled USD 1 million, 
less discounting, and was settled in full in January 2025. The transaction is 
considered to have been conducted at arm’s length and on market terms. 
During 2024, a directed share issue to the Group’s CEO was carried out in 
connection with the appointment of the CEO, amounting to SEK 6.9 million. 
The transaction was conducted on market terms.Remuneration of key management personnel
SEK thousand 2025 20241)
Short-term employee benefits 20,264 19,790
Post-employment benefits 1,413 2,502
Other long-term benefits - -
Severance pay 2,729 -
Share-based payments 2,925 1,497
Total 27,331 23,788
1) See Note 32 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors .
Fees to the Chairman of the Board and Board members are paid in 
accordance with resolutions passed by the AGM. Remuneration of the 
Group’s senior executives is presented below. Senior executives comprise 
the Board of Directors, the Group CEO, the Group CFO and the CEOs of the 
various subsidiaries.
59
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Note 31
Change in presentation 
As of the fourth quarter of 2025, the Group changed the presentation of 
the income statement from classification by nature of expense to classifi -
cation by function of expense. The revised presentation reports gross profit 
and classifies expenses by function, primarily cost of sales, research and 
development expenses, and selling, administrative and other expenses. 
Classification by function of expense reflects how the Group’s performance 
is monitored internally, aligns the external financial reporting with internal 
reporting and improves comparability for users of the financial statements.
Classification of expenses by function is permitted under IAS 1 Presentation 
of Financial Statements. The change in presentation has been accounted 
for as a change in accounting policy in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting 
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and has been 
applied retrospectively. Comparative periods have been restated to the 
extent practicable. Detailed reconciliation tables between the previous 
presentation by nature of expense and the new presentation by function 
of expense are presented below and reconcile fully to previously reported 
consolidated totals.
The allocation of expenses to functional income statement line items is 
based on the Group’s internal cost structure. For the Wireless business area, 
expenses are allocated primarily based on cost centers at the reporting 
stage, while for Photonics, where system limitations exist, the allocation 
is mainly at a detailed account level. The principal policies applied in the 
presentation of the income statement by function, as well as the treatment 
of certain items, are presented below:
a)  Capitalized work for own account: Capitalized development expenditure 
that meets the capitalization criteria under IAS 38 Intangible Assets 
continues to be recognized as an asset in the consolidated statement 
of financial position and is amortized over its estimated useful life. 
Capitalized development expenditure is not presented as a separate 
line item in the income statement by function. This ensures that the 
consolidated income statement reflects only costs incurred during the 
period, while expenditure expected to generate future economic benefits 
is capitalized and expensed through amortization over future periods.
b)  Other operating income is presented together with other operating 
expenses within gross profit.
c)  Cost of sales includes all costs directly or indirectly related to the 
production and delivery of goods or services. This includes raw materials 
and consumables, direct production labor, depreciation of production 
facilities, repairs and maintenance, production overheads, packaging 
and distribution costs incurred in connection with delivery, as well as 
net changes in inventories and work in progress (previously presented 
separately). Production losses, such as broken wafers, are also absorbed 
within cost of sales.d)  Other external expenses, employee benefits expense and depreciation 
and amortization are allocated between the line items “Cost of sales” 
(production costs), “Research and development expenses” and “Selling, 
administrative and other expenses” using allocation keys such as cost 
centers or, where applicable, detailed account coding.
e)  Research and development expenses include expenses relating to 
research and development activities that are not capitalized in accordance 
with IAS 38. This includes non-capitalized employee benefits expense, 
materials, consulting services, prototypes and other R&D expenses. 
Amortization of previously capitalized development expenditure is 
recognized as research and development expenses during the period in 
which the assets are used in development projects within the operations. 
When products are completed and available for sale, the related costs are 
transferred to inventories and recognized in cost of sales upon sale.
f)  Selling, administrative and other expenses comprise marketing and 
customer-related costs together with central administrative overheads. 
This includes sales commission, advertising and marketing activities, 
trade fairs, distribution costs outside production and all identifiable 
selling expenses. In addition, expenses relating to executive management 
and support functions (HR, finance and IT), audit and legal fees, office 
overheads, consulting fees and charges to and from third parties are 
included.
g)  Comparative figures have been restated following adjustments relating to 
the correction of errors in accordance with IAS 8. These adjustments are 
presented separately in the table and affected operating profit for 2025 
and 2024. For further information, see Note 32 Correction of errors.
The change in presentation affects only the classification and aggregation of 
items in the income statement and has no impact on operating profit, profit 
for the period, equity or cash flows. The reconciliations provided show the 
effect of the reclassification on each line item in the consolidated income 
statement for the financial years ended December 31, 2025 and December 
31, 2024.
In accordance with IAS 1, the Group continues to disclose certain expense 
information in the notes classified by nature of expense, including total 
employee benefits expense and total depreciation, amortization and 
impairment, in order to facilitate users’ understanding of the cost structure 
and cost development.NOTES
60
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  2025
December 31, 2025Refer-  
enceConsol -
idated 
income 
statement 
by nature of 
expenseCapitalized 
workOther 
operating 
incomeRaw 
materials 
and 
consum -
ablesOther 
external 
expensesEmployee 
benefits 
expenseDepreci -
ation and 
amorti -
zationError 
correctionsConsol -
idated 
income 
statement 
by function 
of expense
Net sales 304,107 - - - - - - 2,451 306,558
Capitalized work for own account a) 56,701 -56,701 - - - - - -
Other operating income b) 8,917 - -30 - 624 - - -95 9,416
Cost of sales c) - - - -67,575 -88,666 -82,841 -69,554 -308,636
Raw materials and consumables c) -95,537 - - 95,537 - -  - -
Other external expenses d) -168,575 - - - 168,575 - - -
Employee benefits expense d) -161,307 - - - - 161,307  - -
Depreciation and amortization d) -85,589 - - - - - 85,589 -
Research and development 
expenses e)
- 56,701 - -26,371 -31,518 -20,093 -15,006 -36,287
Selling, administrative and other 
expensesf)
- - 30 - -70,152 -57,587 -21,130 -148,838
Error corrections g) - - - -1,591 21,136 -784 20,101 -38,861 -
Total operating profit -141,283 - - - - - - -36,505 -177,788
2024
December 31, 2024Refer-  
enceConsol -
idated 
income 
statement 
by nature of 
expenseCapitalized 
workOther 
operating 
incomeRaw 
materials 
and 
consum -
ablesOther 
external 
expensesEmployee 
benefits 
expenseDepreci -
ation and 
amorti -
zationError 
correctionsConsol -
idated 
income 
statement 
by function 
of expense
Net sales 243,730 - - - - - - -24,523 219,207
Capitalized work for own account a) 27,735 -27,735 - - - - - -
Other operating income b) 5,435 - - - - - - 21 5,456
Cost of sales c) - - - -31,230 -30,467 -69,271 -84,046 -215,015
Raw materials and consumables c) -62,803 - - 62,803 - - - -
Other external expenses d) -100,475 - - - 100,475 - - -
Employee benefits expense d) -144,778 - - - - 144,778 - -
Depreciation and amortization d) -95,787 - - - - - 95,787 -
Research and development 
expenses e) - 27,735 - -32,061 -24,861 -19,679 -54,625 -103,490
Selling, administrative and other 
expenses f) - - -  -38,940 -57,083 -4,459 -100,482
Error corrections g) - - - 488 -6,207 1,255 47,343 -42,879 -
Total operating profit -126,943 - - - - - - -67,381 -194,324NOTES
Note 31 (continued)
Change in presentation
Refer-  
ence
61
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Note 32
Correction of errors
The Company identified errors that resulted in corrections considered 
material to the previously published consolidated financial statements for 
the 2023 and 2024 financial years.
In accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors, the identified errors have been corrected retrospec -
tively through the restatement of each affected financial statement line 
item for all periods presented. The table below summarizes the effects of 
these corrections of errors on the Group’s consolidated financial state -
ments, adjusted for changes resulting from applied accounting policies and 
classification changes.NOTES
Presentation of the restated consolidated statement of financial position for 2023:  
SEK thousand Reference Dec 31, 2023 AdjustmentDec 31, 2023  
restated
ASSETS   
Non-current assets   
Other property, plant and equipment (e) 620,192 -2,741 617,451
Capitalized development expenditure (e) 197,360 -3,500 193,860
Property, plant and equipment (g) 90,835 264 91,099
Right-of-use assets (f) - 1,706  1,706
Total non-current assets 1,300,463 -4,271 1,296,192
Current assets
Inventories (h)  36,360  -1,806 34,554
Contract assets (j) 55,478 -12,298 43,180
Total current assets 205,457 -14,104 191,353
TOTAL ASSETS 1,505,920 -18,375 1,487,545
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Accumulated deficit (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f),  
(g), (h), (i), (j), (m), (o)-820,410 -24,392 -844,802
Equity attributable to Parent Company shareholders 1,197,740 -24,392 1,173,348
Total equity 1,197,740 -24,392 1,173,348
Non-current liabilities
Non-current lease liabilities (f)  15,622 1,268  16,890 
Provisions (o) 1,130 502 1,632
Total non-current liabilities  227,038 1,770 228,808 
Current liabilities
Trade payables (f)  37,728  330  38,058
Current lease liabilities (f) 7,171  52 7,223
Contract liabilities (j) 1,165 3,865 5,030 
Total current liabilities  81,142 4,247 85,389 
Total liabilities 308,180 6,017 314,197 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,505,920 -18,375 1,487,545
62
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 32 (continued)
Correction of errors
Presentation of the restated consolidated statement of financial position for 2024:  
SEK thousand Reference Dec 31, 2024 AdjustmentDec 31, 2024  
restated
ASSETS   
Non-current assets   
Other intangible assets (e) 633,475 -4,757 628,718
Capitalized development expenditure (e) 199,085 -32,767 166,318
Property, plant and equipment (g) 68,339 611 68,950
Right-of-use assets (f) 16,106 1,839 17,945
Total non-current assets 1,334,081 -35,074 1,299,007
Current assets  
Inventories (h) 42,251 -17,332 24,929
Trade receivables (i) 78,854 -569 78,285
Prepaid expenses and other receivables (k) 18,587 1,914 20,501
Contract assets (j) 76,159 -21,427 54,732
Total current assets 240,726 -37,403 203,323
TOTAL ASSETS 1,574,807 -72,478 1,502,329
Equity
Translation reserve (p) 138,769 1,009 137,760
Accumulated deficit(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), 
(h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (o)-919,274 -90,726 -1,010,000
Equity attributable to Parent Company shareholders 1,182,799 -91,735 1,091,064
Total equity 1,182,799 -91,735 1,091,064
Non-current liabilities  
Non-current lease liabilities (f) 13,078 1,272 14,350
Provisions (o) 602 2,130 2,732
Total non-current liabilities 169,270 3,402 172,672
Current liabilities  
Trade payables (l) 26,863 661  27,524
Current lease liabilities (f) 4,345 53  4,398
Contract liabilities (j) 13,398 18,883 32,281
Accrued expenses (m) 39,219 -7,349 31,870
Other current liabilities (n) 8,796 3,608  12,404 
Total current liabilities 222,738 15,856 238,594
Total liabilities 392,008 19,258 411,266
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,574,807 -72,478 1,502,329
Presentation of the Group’s restated income statement and statement of comprehensive income for 2024:  
SEK thousand Reference Dec 31, 2024 AdjustmentDec 31, 2024  
restated
Net sales (a) 243,730 -24,523 219,207
Cost of sales (a) (b) -203,398 -11,617 -215,015
Gross profit 40,332 -36,140 4,192
Research and development expenses (c) -71,668 -31,822 -103,490
Selling, administrative and other expenses (d) -101,042 560 -100,482
Other operating incomea), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), 
(h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (o)5,435 21 5,456
Operating profit -126,943 -67,381 -194,324
Finance costs (a) -26,574 -209 -26,783
Profit before tax -136,028 -67,590 -203,618
Profit for the year -116,287 -67,590 -183,877
Other comprehensive income -116,287 -67,590 -183,877
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (p) 71,452 -1,009 70,443
Other comprehensive income for the year -44,835 -66,581 -113,434
63
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
(a)  Net sales in the consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income have been restated following the correction of 
errors identified in prior periods. The corrections relate to the following:
 1.  Revenue recognition relating to NRE projects, which resulted in a 
decrease of SEK 19.0 million in net sales.
 2.  Provision for rights of return relating to sales through distributors, 
which resulted in a decrease of SEK 1.7 million in net sales.
 3.   Adjustments to the timing of revenue recognition relating to hardware 
sales, which resulted in a decrease of SEK 3.9 million in net sales.
(b)  Cost of sales in the consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income has been restated following the correction of 
errors identified in prior periods. The corrections relate to the following:
 1.  Updates to inventory valuation within the Wireless and Photonics 
segments, which resulted in an increase of SEK 15.7 million in cost of 
sales.
 2.  A revised assessment of an NRE revenue agreement determined to 
be loss-making, for which a provision has been recognized, which 
resulted in an increase of SEK 1.6 million in cost of sales.
 3.  An update to the grant-date fair value used in the valuation of share-
based payments to employees, which resulted in an increase of SEK 
0.8 million in cost of sales.
 4.  Adjustments relating to the timing of expense recognition between 
reporting periods, including the recognition of previously unrecog -
nized liabilities, which resulted in a decrease of SEK 6.8 million in cost 
of sales.
(c)  Research and development expenses in the consolidated income 
statement and statement of comprehensive income have been restated 
following the correction of errors identified in prior periods.
 1.  An update to the grant-date fair value used in the valuation of share-
based payments to employees, which resulted in an increase of SEK 
0.8 million in research and development expenses.
 2.  A revised assessment of the recoverable amount for certain 
development projects, which resulted in impairment of previously 
capitalized development expenditure and an increase of SEK 28.4 
million in research and development expenses.
 3.  A correction relating to the accounting treatment of machinery 
included in property, plant and equipment acquired after the end of 
the lease term, which had previously been expensed, together with 
adjustments to amortization of other intangible assets and depreci -
ation of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. These 
changes collectively resulted in a net increase of SEK 2.2 million in 
research and development expenses.
 4.  A change in the accounting treatment of tax deductions received in 
respect of R&D expenditure within the Photonics segment, which 
resulted in an increase of SEK 0.9 million in research and development 
expenses.
(d)  Selling, administrative and other expenses in the consolidated 
income statement and statement of comprehensive income have 
been restated following updates to the timing of expense recognition 
between reporting periods and an update to the assumptions regarding 
grant-date fair value used in the valuation of share-based payments to 
employees. As a result of these adjustments, selling, administrative and 
other expenses decreased by SEK 0.4 million.
(e)  Other intangible assets in the consolidated statement of financial position, income statement and statement of comprehensive income 
have been restated within the Wireless segment as a result of amorti -
zation expense having been understated during the financial year 
ended 2024 and corrected through the restatement of the consolidated 
statement of financial position and the consolidated income statement 
and other comprehensive income for 2023. Capitalized development 
expenditure in the consolidated statement of financial position, income 
statement and statement of comprehensive income has been restated 
following the correction of errors relating to the following:
 1.  A revised assessment of the recoverable amount for certain 
development projects, which resulted in impairment of previously 
capitalized development expenditure of SEK 28.4 million within the 
Wireless segment for the financial year ended December 31, 2024.
 2.  Incorrect accounting for government grants relating to development 
projects within the Photonics segment for the financial year ended 
2023. This resulted in capitalized development expenditure being 
reduced by SEK 3.5 million, with a corresponding adjustment recog -
nized through accumulated deficit. 
(f)  Right-of-use assets, non-current lease liabilities and current lease 
liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position, income 
statement and statement of comprehensive income have been restated 
following the correction of errors relating to modifications of a lease 
agreement within the Wireless segment. The correction has been 
reflected in the financial year ended December 31, 2024 and through 
an adjustment to the opening balance for 2024 relating to the 2023 
financial year. 
(g)  Property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement of financial 
position, income statement and statement of comprehensive income 
have been restated following the correction of errors relating to the 
following:
 1.  A reassessment of the accounting treatment of depreciation, which 
resulted in an increase in depreciation expense of SEK 1.0 million for 
the financial year ended December 31, 2024, together with adjust -
ments totaling SEK 0.3 million relating to the 2023 financial year.
 2.  Incorrect overstatement and understatement of machinery within 
the Wireless segment, which resulted in a net adjustment of SEK 0.1 
million for the financial year ended December 31, 2024.
(h)  Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position, income 
statement and statement of comprehensive income have been restated 
following the correction of errors relating to the following:
 1.  Updates to inventory valuation within the Wireless and Photonics 
segments, which resulted in a decrease of SEK 15.5 million in inven -
tories for the financial year ended December 31, 2024. 
 2.  A correction relating to the 2023 financial year concerning the 
accounting treatment of inventories within the Photonics segment, 
which was adjusted through the statement of financial position and 
resulted in a decrease of SEK 1.8 million in inventories.
(i)  Trade receivables in the consolidated statement of financial position, 
income statement and statement of comprehensive income have been 
restated within the Wireless and Photonics segments following the 
correction of errors relating to the following:
 1.  Adjustments to the timing of revenue recognition relating to hardware 
sales, which resulted in a decrease of SEK 0.6 million in trade receiv -
ables for the financial year ended December 31, 2024.
64
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Note 33
Events after the reporting date
On February 24, 2026, Sivers Semiconductors AB entered into an agreement 
regarding a loan facility totaling USD 17.0 million with Bootstrap Europe 
4.0 S.à r.l. The loan facility consists of a secured loan of USD 5.0 million 
and a secured convertible loan of USD 12.0 million. In connection with the 
refinancing, the Group’s existing external loans totaling SEK 102.8 million 
were repaid.
On April 16, 2026, the Board of Directors resolved on a directed new share 
issue of 8,620,000 ordinary shares, corresponding to approximately SEK 
125 million before transaction costs. The share issue was approved at an 
Extraordinary General Meeting held on May 11, 2026.
The events constitute non-adjusting events after the end of the reporting 
period and have therefore not affected the Group’s financial position as of 
the reporting date.
After the reporting date, restricted cash of SEK 13.8 million was released 
and reclassified as cash and cash equivalents.NOTES
Note 32 (continued)
Correction of errors
(j)  Contract assets and contract liabilities in the consolidated statement of 
financial position, income statement and statement of comprehensive 
income have been adjusted following the correction of errors relating to 
the following:
 1.  Accounting treatment of NRE projects, which resulted in a decrease of 
SEK 9.1 million in contract assets within the Wireless segment and an 
increase of SEK 11.7 million in contract liabilities for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2024. 
 2.  Accounting treatment of hardware, which resulted in an increase of 
SEK 3.3 million in contract liabilities within the Photonics segment for 
the financial year ended December 31, 2024.
 3.  Accounting treatment of NRE projects relating to the 2023 financial 
year, which resulted in a decrease of SEK 12.3 million in contract 
assets, recognized through an adjustment to opening balances.
 4.  Accounting treatment of hardware relating to the timing of revenue 
recognition for the 2023 financial year, which resulted in an increase 
of SEK 4.0 million in contract liabilities, recognized through an 
adjustment to opening balances.
(k)  Prepaid expenses and other receivables in the consolidated statement 
of financial position, income statement and statement of comprehensive 
income have been restated following the correction of errors. The 
correction relates to a reclassification of balances between prepaid 
expenses and other receivables and other current liabilities amounting 
to SEK 1.9 million for the financial year ended December 31, 2024.
(l)  Trade payables in the consolidated statement of financial position, 
income statement and statement of comprehensive income have been 
restated following the correction of errors relating to both under -
statements and overstatements between reporting periods: The net 
adjustment relating to errors within the Wireless segment resulted in an 
increase of SEK 0.7 million in trade payables for the financial year ended 
December 31, 2024. Furthermore, a correction relating to the 2023 financial year amounting to SEK 0.3 million was recognized, resulting in 
an increase in trade payables.
(m)  Accrued expenses in the consolidated statement of financial position, 
income statement and statement of comprehensive income have been 
restated following the correction of errors.
 1.  The correction relates to adjustments associated with the accrual of 
expenses between reporting periods, including the recognition of 
previously unrecognized liabilities, which resulted in a decrease of SEK 
7.3 million in accrued expenses for the financial year ended December 
31, 2024.
(n)  Other current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial 
position, income statement and statement of comprehensive income 
have been restated following the correction of errors relating to the 
following adjustments for the financial year ended December 31, 2024:
 1.  Recognition of deductions for rights of return relating to distributor 
sales, which resulted in the recognition of another current receivable 
of SEK 1.7 million.
 2.  Reclassification of balances between prepaid expenses and other 
receivables and other current liabilities amounting to SEK 1.9 million.
(o)  Provisions in the consolidated statement of financial position, income 
statement and statement of comprehensive income have been restated 
following a reassessment of an NRE revenue agreement determined 
to be loss-making. A provision was recognized, which resulted in an 
increase of SEK 2.1 million in provisions or the financial year ended 
December 31, 2024 and SEK 0.5 million through an adjustment to the 
opening balance for 2024 relating to the 2023 financial year. 
(p)  The translation reserve and exchange differences arising on translation 
of foreign operations have been restated following adjustments (a)–(o).
65
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SEK thousand Note 2025 2024, restated1)
Net sales 2 22,211 13,673
Operating profit 22,211 13,673
Administrative expenses 3.4 -55,001 -33,304
Other operating income - 19
Operating profit -32,790 -19,612
Profit/loss from investments in Group companies -47,277 -99,189
Finance income 31,206 47,578
Finance costs -46,525 -22,048
Profit before tax -95,386 -93,271
Income tax  5 - -
Profit for the year -95,386 -93,271
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
The Parent Company has no transactions affecting other comprehensive income.Parent Company Income Statement
66
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Parent Company Statement  
of Financial Position
SEK thousand Note Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 2024  
restated1)Dec 31, 2023  
restated1)
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Other intangible assets 2,018 2,394 -
Shares in Group companies 6 1,203,502 1,203,491 1,188,491
Receivables from Group companies 7 255,559 296,002 308,569
Total non-current assets 1,461,078 1,501,887 1,497,060
Current assets
Current receivables
Receivables from Group companies 7 34,247 13,962 376
Other receivables 8 1,698 787 64
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 9 6,369 1,602 1,046
Other current financial assets 16 - - 15,167
Total current receivables 42,314 16,351 16,652
Cash and bank balances 10 10,044 2,738 11,349
Total current assets 52,359 19,089 28,002
TOTAL ASSETS 1,513,438 1,520,976 1,525,061
SEK thousand Note Dec 31, 2025Dec 31, 2024  
restated1)Dec 31, 2023  
restated1)
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Share capital 11 155,667 118,823 117,325
Share premium reserve 2,004,621 1,844,484 1,833,511
Retained earnings, including profit for the year -673,876 -584,590 -509,999
Total equity 1,486,413 1,378,717 1,440,838
Provisions 12 497 219 346
Non-current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions - - 47,988
Convertible loans - - 23,917
Total non-current liabilities - - 71,905
Current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions - 76,118 -
Convertible loans - 54,000 -
Trade payables 348 853 1,022
Liabilities to Group companies 254 1,787 1,786
Other current liabilities 13 1,433 2,501 1,592
Accrued expenses and deferred income 14 24,493 6,781 7,572
Total current liabilities 26,528 142,040 11,972
Total liabilities 26,528 142,040 83,887
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,513,438 1,520,976 1,525,061
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
67
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SEK thousand Share capitalShare  
premium reserveRetained earnings, 
restated1)Total equity, 
restated1)
Opening balance, Jan 1, 2024 117,325 1,833,511 -509,999 1,440,838
Share issue 1,498 11,507 13,005
Share issue expenses -535 -535
Sale of treasury shares 12,974 12,974
Share-based payment 5,704 5,704
Profit for the year -93,271 -93,271
Closing balance, Dec 31, 2024 118,823 1,844,484 -584,590 1,378,717
SEK thousand Share capitalShare  
premium reserve Retained earnings Total equity
Opening balance, Jan 1, 2025 118,823 1,844,484 -584,590 1,378,717
Share issue 36,843 174,128 210,971
Share issue expenses -13,991 -13,991
Repurchase of treasury shares -8,149 -8,149
Share-based payment 7,801 7,801
Issued warrants 6,449 6,449
Profit for the year -95,386 -95,386
Closing balance, Dec 31, 2025 155,667 2,004,621 -673,875 1,486,413
1) See Note 21 for details of adjustments relating to corrections of errors.Parent Company Statement  
of Changes in Equity
68
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Parent Company Statement  
of Cash Flows
SEK thousand Note 2025 20241)
Operating profit 15 -32,790 -19,612
Adjustments for non-cash items 8,604 6,194
Interest received 21 277
Interest paid -7,552 -21,049
Income tax paid - -
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital -31,716 -34,190
Changes in working capital
Increase (–)/decrease (+) in operating receivables -28,672 -31,582
Increase (+)/decrease (–) in operating liabilities 12,994 1,618
Cash flow from operating activities -47,396 -64,154
Investing activities
Investments in intangible assets -126 -2,394
New loans to subsidiaries -130,719 -38,080
Restricted bank funds - 14,900
Investments in subsidiaries -11 -
Cash flow from investing activities -130,856 -25,574
Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings - 61,270
Repayment of borrowings -2,315 -
Share issue 210,971 7,006
Payment of share issue expenses -13,991 -535
Sale of treasury shares - 13,375
Repurchase of treasury shares -8,149 -
Cash flow from financing activities 186,516 81,117
Cash flow for the year 8,264 -8,611
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 2,738 11,349
Exchange differences -958 -
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 10,444 2,738
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
69
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Parent Company Notes
Note 1
Accounting policies
The annual report of the Parent Company, Sivers Semiconductors, has been 
prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the 
Swedish Corporate Reporting Board’s recommendation RFR 2 Accounting 
for Legal Entities. In accordance with RFR 2, the Parent Company shall apply 
all International Financial Reporting Standards adopted by the EU to the 
extent possible within the framework of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act.
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, 
apart from certain financial instruments measured at fair value through 
profit or loss at the end of each reporting period.
The Parent Company applies the presentation formats prescribed by the 
Swedish Annual Accounts Act, which results in minor differences compared 
with the those applied by the Group.
The accounting policies of the Parent Company are consistent with those of 
the Group (as described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements), 
except for the areas set out below.
Shares in Group companies
Investments in Group companies are recognized at cost less any 
impairment.
Revenue
The Parent Company’s revenue consists of management fees charged to 
subsidiaries. These are recognized over time as the services are performed. 
Revenue is calculated and allocated to the subsidiaries based on the 
proportion of services utilized by each subsidiary.
Note 2
Revenue
Information on purchases and sales within the same Group 
SEK thousand 2025 2024
Sales 22,211 13,692
Purchases - -
Note 3
Fees to auditors
SEK THOUSAND 2025 2024
Deloitte AB
Audit engagements 11,075 549
Audit services other  
than audit engagements - -
Tax advisory services - -
Other services - 85
Total 11,075 634Note 4
Employee benefits expense
SEK THOUSAND 2025 20241)
Salaries and other remuneration 20,740 15,992
Social security contributions 3,840 2,634
Pension costs 2,111 2,788
Total 26,960 21,414
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Note 5
Income tax
SEK THOUSAND 2025 20241)
Current tax - –
Deferred tax - –
Total - –
SEK THOUSAND 2025 20241)
Recognized profit before tax -95,386 -93,166
Tax calculated at the Swedish tax rate 
20.6% (20.6) 19,650 19,214
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses -10,218 -18,989
Tax effect of non-taxable income 2,389
Tax effect of deductible expenses not 
recognized in the income statement 2,882 -
Change in unrecognized deferred tax 
assets -14,703 -225
Recognized tax expense for the year - -
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
70
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Note 6
Shares in Group companies
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Cost
Opening accumulated cost, January 1 1,711,930 1,596,930
Acquisition of subsidiaries 11 -
Shareholder contributions paid 50,000 100,000
Conversion of loans into shares in 
subsidiaries - 15,000
Closing accumulated cost 1,761,941 1,711,930
Impairment
Opening accumulated impairment, 
January 1 -508,439 -408,439
Impairment of shareholder contributions 
for the year -50,000 -100,000
Closing accumulated impairment -558,439 -508,439
Carrying amount 1,203,502 1,203,491
 
Company name Registration no. Reg’d officeEquity 
interest1)Number of 
shares 
Sivers  
Photonics Ltd SC211759 Glasgow 100% 1,972,106,944
Sivers Wireless AB 556063-7331 Kista 100% 7,120,659
Trebax AB 556661-8400 Gothenburg 100% 1,000
Sivers  
Semiconductors 
India Ltd Bangalore 100% 100,000
Sivers  
Semiconductors Inc. Chatham 100% 21,217,821
1) Equity interest corresponds to voting rights.
 
Carrying amount  
Company name Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Sivers Photonics Ltd 380,027 380,027
Sivers Wireless AB 30,686 30,686
Trebax AB - -
Sivers Semiconductors India Ltd 11 -
Sivers Semiconductors Inc. 792,777 792,777
Carrying amount 1,203,502 1,203,491Note 7
Receivables from Group companies
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Cost
Opening accumulated cost, Jan 1 309,964 308,944
Additional receivables 256,323 92,421
Loss allowances 2,723 811
Settled receivables -279,204 -92,212
Closing accumulated cost 289,806 309,964
Impairment
Opening accumulated impairment, Jan 1 - -
Impairment for the year - -
Closing accumulated impairment - -
Carrying amount 289,806 309,964
Carrying amount of non-current receiv -
ables from Group companies 255,559 296,002
Carrying amount of current receivables 
from Group companies 32,247 13,962
Total 289,806 309,964
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Of the additional receivables, SEK 130.7 (38.1) million relates to loans 
disbursed to subsidiaries. The remainder relates to capitalized interest, 
receivables relating to management fees and receivables relating to 
employee stock options that have not been settled. During the year, Group 
receivables of SEK 279.2 (92.2) million were settled, of which SEK 139.4 (8.0) 
million related to repayments from subsidiaries. The remainder relates to 
shareholder contributions settled through offsetting of Group receivables 
amounting to SEK 50.0 (100.0) million, and a loan to Photonics converted 
into shares amounting to SEK 0.0 (15.0) million. Furthermore, netting 
between Group companies amounting to SEK 49.6 million was carried out 
(2024: SEK 0). Exchange rate effects amounted to SEK 31.5 million.
The Parent Company continuously lends funds to its subsidiaries, as these 
are in a growth phase and are not yet able to meet their liquidity needs 
solely through revenue generation. The Group has prepared an impairment 
assessment based on cash flow forecasts (see Note 13 to the consoli -
dated financial statements) and, based on this assessment, considers the 
repayment capacity to be good.
Loss allowance for receivables from Group companies 
The model used to calculate allowances for expected credit losses is 
based on probability of default derived from the credit rating of the Group 
companies, expected loss given default and exposure at default. The model 
calculates a 12-month expected credit loss for the receivables. There has 
not been any significant increase in credit risk relating to the counterparties 
during the year.
The following table shows changes in the loss allowance for receivables from 
Group companies:
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Opening loss allowance, Jan 1 17,461 18,272
Net increase in loss allowance relating to 
new receivables from Group companies 
recognized during the current year - 2,723 -811
Total loss allowance recognized,  
December 31 14,738 17,461
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.NOTES
71
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 8
Other receivables
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
VAT receivable 1,125 663
Balance on tax account 568 124
Other 5 -
Total 1,698 787
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Note 13
Other current liabilities
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Withholding tax and social security 
contributions 467 310
VAT liability - 1,139
Other 966 1,052
Total 1,433 2,501
 
Note 14
Accrued expenses and deferred income
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Vacation pay liability and social security 
contributions 2,608 1,420
Other employee-related costs 4,035 3,666
Accrued consulting and legal costs 562 1,118
Accrued accounting and audit fees 15,514 269
Other 901 308
Total 24,493 6,781
 
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.Note 12
Provisions
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Social security contributions relating to 
employee stock options 497 219
497 219
Current - -
Non-current 497 219
497 219
SEK thousandSocial security 
contributions 
relating to 
employee stock 
options Total
January 1, 2024 346 346
Reversed during the year -127 -127
Utilized during the year - -
Reclassifications - -
December 31, 2024 219 219
January 1, 2025 219 219
Additions to provisions 278 278
Utilized during the year - -
Reclassifications - -
December 31, 2025 497 497Note 9
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 20241)
Prepaid insurance 176 226
Prepaid licenses 341 260
Prepaid consulting fees 5,007 -
Other 845 1,116
Total 6,369 1,602
 
1) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Note 10
Cash and bank balances
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Cash at bank 10,044 2,738
Carrying amount 10,044 2,738
Note 11
Share capital
The share capital consists of the following number of shares and quota 
value per share:
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Number of shares 311,333,572 237,646,796
Quota value, SEK 0.50 0.50
Carrying amount 155,666,786 118,823,398
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 296,534,751 ordinary shares 
and 14,798,821 Class C shares outstanding.
72
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  NOTES
Note 15
Notes to the Statement of Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Cash at bank 10,044 2,738
Carrying amount 10,044 2,738
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and bank balances and 
short-term bank deposits with maturities of three months or less. The 
carrying amount of these assets approximates their fair value. Cash and 
cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period, as presented in the 
statement of cash flows, can be reconciled to the items in the statement of 
financial position shown above.Changes in liabilities attributable to financing activities 
The table below presents changes in the Company’s liabilities attributable to 
financing activities, including changes arising from cash flows and changes 
not affecting cash flows. Liabilities attributable to financing activities are 
liabilities for which the cash flows have been classified, or for which future 
cash flows will be classified, as cash flow from financing activities in the 
statement of cash flows.
SEK thousandNon-cash transactions
Jan 1, 2025Cash flow from 
financingExchange rate 
changesCapitalized 
interestDeferred 
borrowing costs Internal balances Dec 31, 2025
Convertible debentures and loans 130,117 -2,315 - - - -127,802 -
Total liabilities from  
financing activities 130,117 -2,315 - - - -127,802 -
Note 16
Financial instruments
The Parent Company’s financial instruments are presented below For a 
description of financial risks, see Note 29 to the consolidated financial 
statements. 
Dec 31, 2025
SEK thousand Fair value LevelAmortized 
cost Total2)
Financial assets:
Cash and bank 
balances (Note 10) 10,044 10,044
Receivables from 
Group companies 289,806 289,806
Financial liabilities:
Convertible liability - -
Liabilities to credit 
institutions - -
Trade payables 348 348
Liabilities to Group 
companies 254 254
Other liabilities1)17,942 17,942Dec 31, 2024
SEK thousand Fair value LevelAmortized 
cost Total2)
Financial assets:
Cash and bank 
balances (Note 10) 2,738 2,738
Receivables from 
Group companies 307,194 307,194
Financial liabilities: 54,000 54,000
Convertible liability 76,118 76,118
Liabilities to credit 
institutions 853 853
Trade payables 1,787 1,787
Other liabilities1)1,387 1,387
1)  Other liabilities above include other liabilities in the statement of financial position classified as 
financial instruments at amortized cost in Notes 13 and 14.
2) See Note 21 for adjustments relating to the correction of errors.
Fair value
For all financial assets and liabilities above that are measured at amortized 
cost, the carrying amount approximates fair value. During 2024, Sivers 
Semiconductors obtained financing totaling SEK 61 million, including a 
convertible loan of SEK 35 million, for which the carrying amount of the 
conversion component corresponds to fair value.
73
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025NOTES
Note 17
Pledged assets and contingent liabilities
SEK thousand Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024
Contingent liabilities - -
Guarantees in favor of subsidiaries - -
Total - -
 
Guarantees in favor of subsidiaries relate to guarantee commitments 
entered into by the Parent Company on behalf of its subsidiaries. The 
commitments relate to remaining payments if the subsidiaries are unable to 
make payment.
The Board of Directors has not identified any contingent liabilities.
 
Note 18
Related party transactions
Transactions between the Parent Company and its subsidiaries, which 
are related parties of the Parent Company, relate to management fees 
charged to subsidiaries, intra-Group loans and interest on these loans. 
Intra-Group sales are presented in Note 2 and intra-Group loans in Note 7. 
Intra-Group interest income during the financial year amounted to SEK 30.7 
(29.8) million. Remuneration of executive management, who constitute the 
Group’s key management personnel, and fees to the Board of Directors are 
presented in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.Note 19
Proposed appropriation of earnings
The following earnings are at the disposal of the Annual General Meeting:
SEK 2025
Share premium reserve 2,004,621,402
Retained earnings -578,489,564
Profit for the year -95,385,965
Total 1,330,745,873
To be carried forward 1,330,745,873
Note 20
Events after the reporting period
Events after the reporting period are presented in Note 33 to the consoli -
dated financial statements.
74
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  Presentation of the restated Parent Company statement of financial position for 2024:  
SEK thousand Reference Dec 31, 2024 AdjustmentDec 31, 2024  
restated
ASSETS   
Receivables from Group companies a) 293,232 2,770 296,002
Total non-current assets 1,499,118 2,770 1,501,887
TOTAL ASSETS 1,518,206 2,770 1,520,976
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
Retained earnings, including profit for the year a), b) -587,360 2,770 -584,591
Total equity 1,375,947 2,770 1,378,717
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,518,206 2,770 1,520,976
Presentation of the Parent Company’s restated income statement and statement of comprehensive income for 2024:  
SEK thousand Reference Dec 31, 2024 AdjustmentDec 31, 2024  
restated
Administrative expenses b) -33,199 -105 -33,304
Operating profit -19,507 -105 -19,612
Profit before tax -93,166 -105 -93,270
Profit for the year -93,166 -105 -93,270NOTES
Presentation of the restated Parent Company statement of financial position for 2023:  
SEK thousand Reference Dec 31, 2023 AdjustmentDec 31, 2023  
restated
ASSETS   
Non-current assets   
Receivables from Group companies a) 306,737 1,831 308,569
Total non-current assets 1,495,228 1,831 1,497,060
TOTAL ASSETS 1,523,230 1,831 1,525,061
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
Retained earnings, including profit for the year a), b) -511,618 1,619 -509,999
Total equity 1,439,218 1,619 1,440,838
Trade payables b) 810 212 1,022
Total current liabilities 11,760 212 11,972
Total liabilities 83,665 212 83,877
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,523,230 1,831 1,525,061Note 21
Correction of errors
The Company identified errors that resulted in corrections considered 
material to the previously published consolidated financial statements for 
the 2023 and 2024 financial years.
In accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors, the identified errors have been corrected retrospec -
tively through the restatement of each affected financial statement line 
item for all periods presented. The table below summarizes the effects of 
these corrections of errors on the Group’s consolidated financial state -
ments, adjusted for changes resulting from applied accounting policies and 
classification changes.a)  During the year, the Company adjusted the accounting for share-based 
payments relating to the Company’s employee incentive programs 
following an updated valuation of granted options.  
The error has been corrected retrospectively through an adjustment to 
opening equity as of January 31, 2024 and an increase of SEK 1.8 million 
in intra-Group receivables. During 2024, the adjustment resulted in 
an increase of SEK 0.3 million in operating expenses, SEK 0.9 million in 
intra-Group receivables and a corresponding increase of SEK 1.3 million 
in equity.
 b)  The Company adjusted incorrect accruals relating to trade payables 
amounting to SEK 0.2 million. The error has been corrected retrospec -
tively through an adjustment to opening equity as of January 1, 2024 and 
in the income statement for 2024.
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025SIGNATURES
The Parent Company financial statements and consolidated financial 
statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on 
May 13, 2026. The consolidated income statement and statement of 
financial position and the Parent Company income statement and 
statement of financial position will be submitted for adoption at the 
Annual General Meeting on June 15, 2026.
The Board of Directors and the CEO confirm that the Parent Company 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the 
Swedish Annual Accounts Act and RFR 2 Accounting for Legal Entities 
and present fairly the financial position and results of the Parent 
Company, and that the Directors’ Report provides a fair overview of the development of the Company’s operations, financial position 
and results and describes material risks and uncertainties facing the 
Company.
 
The Board of Directors and the CEO confirm that the consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Inter -
national Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU, 
and present fairly the financial position and results of the Group, and 
that the Directors’ Report for the Group provides a fair overview of the 
development of the Group’s operations, financial position and results 
and describes material risks and uncertainties facing the companies 
included in the Group.
Kista, May 13, 2026
 Bamdad Bastani Vickram Vathulya 
Chairman of the Board CEO
Tomas Duffy Erik Fällström
Board Member Board Member
 
Karin Raj Todd Thomson 
Board Member Board Member
 
Keith Halsey
Board Member
Our audit report was submitted on May 13, 2026
Deloitte AB
Alexandros Kouvatsos
Authorised Public Accountant
76
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  REVISIONSBERÄTTELSE
Auditor’s Report
To the general meeting of the shareholders of Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ)
corporate identity number 556383-9348
Report on the annual accounts  
and consolidated accounts
Opinions
We have audited the annual accounts and consolidated accounts of Sivers 
Semiconductors AB (publ) for the financial year 2025-01-01 - 2025-12-31. 
The annual accounts and consolidated accounts of the company are 
included on pages 14-24, 28-75 in this document.
In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance 
with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of the parent company as of 31 December 2025 and its 
financial performance and cash flow for the year then ended in accordance 
with the Annual Accounts Act. The consolidated accounts have been 
prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in 
all material respects, the financial position of the group as of 31 December 
2025 and their financial performance and cash flow for the year then 
ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, as adopted by the 
EU, and the Annual Accounts Act. Our opinions do not cover the corporate 
governance report on pages 21-24. The statutory administration report is 
consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts.
We therefore recommend that the general meeting of shareholders adopts 
the income statement and balance sheet for the parent company and the 
group. 
Our opinions in this report on the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts are consistent with the content of the additional report that has 
been submitted to the parent company's audit committee in accordance 
with the Audit Regulation (537/2014) Article 11.
Basis for Opinions
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on 
Auditing (ISA) and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities section. We are independent of the parent company and the 
group in accordance with professional ethics for accountants in Sweden and 
have otherwise fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. This includes that, based on the best of our knowledge and 
belief, no prohibited services referred to in the Audit Regulation (537/2014) 
Article 5.1 have been provided to the audited company or, where applicable, 
its parent company or its controlled companies within the EU. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appro -
priate to provide a basis for our opinions.
Significant uncertainty regarding the going concern assumption
As stated in the administration report under the section “Financial risks and 
risks related to going concern” on page 18, the Group is in a development 
and scaling phase and has not yet achieved an earnings capacity through 
sales revenue sufficient to fully cover the Group’s development plans 
and operating costs. This means that the Group’s ability to implement 
its established business plan depends on its continued ability to obtain 
additional capital and/or carry out other financing measures to the extent 
necessary. Management. The financing and liquidity risk therefore consti -
tutes a significant risk and uncertainty factor that the Group and the Parent 
Company cannot continue their operations to the planned extent. These 
circumstances indicate that there is a material uncertainty that may lead to 
significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue its operations. We 
have not modified our opinion because of this.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters of the audit are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the annual accounts and 
consolidated accounts of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of, and in forming our opinion thereon, the 
annual accounts and consolidated accounts as a whole, but we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Internal control over financial reporting
Internal control is an essential area for ensuring that financial reporting 
gives a true and fair view of a company's operations.
As stated in the management report on page 15 and in notes 2 and 32, 
significant deficiencies in the internal control environment and errors 
affecting financial reporting have been identified. The extent of the 
deficiencies and errors has had a significant impact on the scope of the 
audit and the required audit work. Internal control over financial reporting  
is therefore a key area of our audit.
Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
•  evaluation of accounting principles, documentation and assessments 
affecting financial reporting,
•  evaluation of the Group and Parent Company's processes for internal 
control over financial reporting and evaluation of controls within significant 
processes, with particular focus on the process for financial reporting, 
revenue recognition, valuation of intangible assets (including goodwill),
•  evaluation of relevant controls within critical IT systems over financial 
reporting,
•  discussed and reported observations and action plans with management, 
the audit committee and the board of directors,
•  evaluating the impact on our audit strategy of identifying missing  
or inadequate controls and performing alternative audit procedures.
Accounting of net sales
The Group's net sales as of 31 December 2025 amounted to 306,558 KSEK 
and consist of revenue from contracts with customers and consist of sales 
of hardware, NRE contracts and support contracts. The Group receives its 
revenue from contracts with customers through the transfer of goods and 
services either at a point in time or over time. The revenue is recognized and 
accrued based on the terms of the respective customer contract. The Group 
recognizes revenue when control of a good or service is transferred to the 
customer, which requires judgment by management. The recognition of net 
sales is therefore a key audit matter in our audit.
The Group's revenue recognition principles together with significant 
estimates and judgments are described in Note 2 and Note 3. Note 5 
presents revenue by operating segment for Wireless and Photonics and 
Note 6 presents revenue from contracts with customers.
Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
•  evaluation of processes and internal controls,
•  verification that hardware sales were recorded at the correct time by 
reviewing delivery terms, shipping documentation and evidence of transfer 
of control to the customer for a selection of transactions,
•  review of the degree of completion of NRE contracts by reconciling 
reported costs with budget, verifying project managers' assessments and 
control that revenue was correctly accrued,
•  sample review of revenue transactions against underlying customer 
contracts to verify that amounts, terms and segment allocation are 
correctly reported,
•  review of accrual principles through year-end cut-off tests for all revenue 
streams, including verification of invoices, deliveries and contract 
documentation.
•  evaluation of appropriate disclosures in accordance with IFRS are provided 
in the annual report.
77
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Accounting for capitalized development expenses
The Group's carrying amount of capitalized development expenses as of 31 
December 2025 is 174,670 KSEK and consists of expenses attributable to 
the development of new generations of products. Development expenses 
are recognized as intangible assets provided that the criteria described in 
the Group's accounting policies are met. The capitalization and subsequent 
measurement of development expenses are based on management's 
assessment of whether the project will be successful in view of its 
commercial and technical possibilities.
There is a risk that development expenses do not meet the requirements 
for capitalization and that the carrying amount of capitalized development 
expenses exceeds the recoverable amount, which could have a material 
impact on the Group's results and financial position. Furthermore, there 
is a risk that these assets do not create economic benefit for the company 
over the useful life that management has assessed as reasonable. The 
accounting for capitalized development expenses is therefore a key audit 
matter in our audit.
The Group's principles for accounting for capitalized development expenses 
together with significant estimates and judgments are described in Note 2, 
Note 3 and Note 13.
Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
•  evaluation of processes and internal controls regarding the capitalization 
and measurement of capitalized costs,
•  review of a sample of transactions to ensure that development costs are 
recognized in the correct period, that depreciation begins at the time 
the asset is put into use, and that capitalized expenses meet the criteria 
according to IAS 38,
•  evaluation of the Group's procedures and management's assessments 
to evaluate the period of use and the need for impairment for capitalized 
development expenses,
•  evaluation of whether appropriate disclosures are made in accordance 
with IFRS in the annual report.
Valuation of intangible assets including goodwill
The Group's carrying amount of intangible assets as of 31 December 2025 
is 1,023,217 KSEK, of which goodwill 370,076 KSEK, other intangible assets 
478,471 KSEK, capitalized development expenses 174,670 KSEK. The 
value of intangible assets incl. goodwill is significant and must be tested at 
least annually or when there is an indication of impairment to identify any 
potential impairment losses. The recoverable amount is based on manage -
ment's assessment of factors such as sales growth, margin development, 
investment levels, weighted average cost of capital and perpetual growth 
rate. Impairment tests are sensitive to changes in assumptions and 
therefore constitutes a particularly significant area in our audit.
The Group's principles for accounting for intangible assets incl. goodwill 
together with significant estimates and judgments are described in Note 2, 
Note 3 and Note 13.
Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
•  evaluation of the Group's procedures for preparing impairment tests,
•  with the support of valuation specialists, evaluation of significant assump -
tions in management's business plan and valuation model for calculating 
the recoverable amount,
•  arithmetic testing of cash flow models and underlying data,
•  review of goodwill allocation to cash-generating units to ensure that the 
impairment test includes all significant goodwill items,
•  evaluation of whether appropriate disclosures are made in accordance 
with IFRS in the annual report.
Other information than the annual accounts and consolidated accounts
This document also contains other information than the annual accounts 
and consolidated accounts and is found on pages 1-13 & 79-85. The Board 
of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for this other 
information. 
Our opinion on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts does not 
cover this other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion regarding this other information.
In connection with our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts, our responsibility is to read the information identified above and 
consider whether the information is materially inconsistent with the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts. In this procedure we also take into account our knowledge otherwise obtained in the audit and assess whether 
the information otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If we, based on the work performed concerning this information, conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director
 The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for 
the preparation of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts and 
that they give a fair presentation in accordance with the Annual Accounts 
Act and, concerning the consolidated accounts, in accordance with IFRS 
Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU. The Board of Directors and 
the Managing Director are also responsible for such internal control as they 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of annual accounts and 
consolidated accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the annual accounts and consolidated accounts, The Board of 
Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the assessment 
of the company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
They disclose, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 
going concern basis of accounting. The going concern basis of accounting 
is however not applied if the Board of Directors and the Managing Director 
intends to liquidate the company, to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so. 
The Audit Committee shall, without prejudice to the Board of Director’s 
responsibilities and tasks in general, among other things oversee the 
company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibility
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
annual accounts and consolidated accounts as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor’s report that includes our opinions. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with ISAs and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these annual accounts 
and consolidated accounts.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts is located at the Swedish Inspectorate 
of Auditors website: www.revisorsinspektionen.se/revisornsansvar. This 
description forms part of the auditor’s report.
Report on other legal and regulatory  
requirements
Opinions
UIn addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts, 
we have also audited the administration of the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director of Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ) for the financial 
year 2025-01-01 - 2025-12-31 and the proposed appropriations of the 
company’s profit or loss.
We recommend to the general meeting of shareholders that the profit to 
be appropriated in accordance with the proposal in the statutory admin -
istration report and that the members of the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director be discharged from liability for the financial year. 
Basis for Opinions
We conducted the audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in Sweden. Our responsibilities under those standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities section. We are independent of 
the parent company and the group in accordance with professional ethics 
for accountants in Sweden and have otherwise fulfilled our ethical responsi -
bilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appro -
priate to provide a basis for our opinions.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director
The Board of Directors is responsible for the proposal for appropriations of 
the company’s profit or loss. At the proposal of a dividend, this includes an 
assessment of whether the dividend is justifiable considering the require -REVISIONSBERÄTTELSE
78
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ments which the company's and the group’s type of operations, size and 
risks place on the size of the parent company's and the group’s equity, 
consolidation requirements, liquidity and position in general.
The Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s organization and 
the administration of the company’s affairs. This includes among other 
things continuous assessment of the company’s and the group’s financial 
situation and ensuring that the company's organization is designed so 
that the accounting, management of assets and the company’s financial 
affairs otherwise are controlled in a reassuring manner. The Managing 
Director shall manage the ongoing administration according to the 
Board of Directors’ guidelines and instructions and among other matters 
take measures that are necessary to fulfill the company’s accounting in 
accordance with law and handle the management of assets in a reassuring 
manner.
Auditor’s responsibility
Our objective concerning the audit of the administration, and thereby our 
opinion about discharge from liability, is to obtain audit evidence to assess 
with a reasonable degree of assurance whether any member of the Board 
of Directors or the Managing Director in any material respect:
•  has undertaken any action or been guilty of any omission which can give 
rise to liability to the company, or
•  in any other way has acted in contravention of the Companies Act, the 
Annual Accounts Act or the Articles of Association.
Our objective concerning the audit of the proposed appropriations of the 
company’s profit or loss, and thereby our opinion about this, is to assess 
with reasonable degree of assurance whether the proposal is in accordance 
with the Companies Act.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in Sweden will always detect actions or omissions that can give 
rise to liability to the company, or that the proposed appropriations of the 
company’s profit or loss are not in accordance with the Companies Act.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts is located at the Swedish Inspectorate 
of Auditors website: www.revisorsinspektionen.se/revisornsansvar. This 
description forms part of the auditor’s report.
The auditor’s examination of the Esef report
Opinion
In addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts, 
we have also examined that the Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director have prepared the annual accounts and consolidated accounts in a 
format that enables uniform electronic reporting (the Esef report) pursuant 
to Chapter 16, Section 4 a of the Swedish Securities Market Act (2007:528) 
for Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ) for the financial year 2025-01-01 - 
2025-12-31.
Our examination and our opinion relate only to the statutory requirements.
In our opinion, the Esef report has been prepared in a format that, in all 
material respects, enables uniform electronic reporting.
Basis for opinion
We have performed the examination in accordance with FAR’s recommen -
dation RevR 18 Examination of the Esef report. Our responsibility under 
this recommendation is described in more detail in the Auditors’ respon -
sibility section. We are independent of Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ) in 
accordance with professional ethics for accountants in Sweden and have 
otherwise fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion.
Responsibilities of The Board of Directors and the Managing Director 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the 
preparation of the Esef report in accordance with the Chapter 16, Section 
4 a of the Swedish Securities Market Act (2007:528), and for such internal 
control that the Board of Directors and the Managing Director determine 
is necessary to prepare the Esef report without material misstatements, 
whether due to fraud or error.Auditor’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance whether the Esef report 
is in all material respects prepared in a format that meets the requirements 
of Chapter 16, Section 4(a) of the Swedish Securities Market Act (2007:528), 
based on the procedures performed.
RevR 18 requires us to plan and execute procedures to achieve reasonable 
assurance that the Esef report is prepared in a format that meets these 
requirements.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it is not a guarantee 
that an engagement carried out according to RevR 18 and generally 
accepted auditing standards in Sweden will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error 
and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of the Esef report.
The firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which 
requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality 
management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with 
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements.
The examination involves obtaining evidence, through various procedures, 
that the Esef report has been prepared in a format that enables uniform 
electronic reporting of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement in the report, whether 
due to fraud or error. In carrying out this risk assessment, and in order 
to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, 
the auditor considers those elements of internal control that are relevant 
to the preparation of the Esef report by the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on 
the effectiveness of those internal controls. The examination also includes 
an evaluation of the appropriateness and reasonableness of assumptions 
made by the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.
The procedures mainly include a validation that the Esef report has been 
prepared in a valid XHMTL format and a reconciliation of the Esef report 
with the audited annual accounts consolidated accounts.
Furthermore, the procedures also include an assessment of whether the 
consolidated statement of financial performance, financial position, changes 
in equity, cash flow and disclosures in the Esef report have been marked 
with iXBRL in accordance with what follows from the Esef regulation.
The auditor's review of  
the corporate governance report
The Board of Directors is responsible for the corporate governance report 
on pages 21-24 and for its preparation in accordance with the Annual 
Accounts Act.
Our review has been conducted in accordance with FAR recommendation 
RevR 16 Auditor's review of the corporate governance report. This means 
that our review of the corporate governance report has a different focus 
and a significantly smaller scope compared to the focus and scope of an 
audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and generally 
accepted auditing standards in Sweden. We believe that this review provides 
us with a sufficient basis for our statements.
A corporate governance report has been prepared. Disclosures in 
accordance with Chapter 6, Section 6, second paragraph, items 2–6 of the 
Annual Accounts Act and Chapter 7, Section 31, second paragraph of the 
same Act are consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts and 
consolidated accounts and are in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act.
Deloitte AB, was appointed auditor of Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ) by 
the general meeting of the shareholders on the 2025-05-28 and has been 
the company’s auditor since 2015-05-07.REVISIONSBERÄTTELSE
Date and signature on Swedish original
Deloitte AB 
Alexandros Kouvatsos
Authorized Public Accountant
79
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025Income statement
SEK thousand 2025 2024 20231)20221)20211)
Net sales 306,558 219,729 236,334 132,607 90,652
Operating expenses -484,346 -413,053 -441,950 -385,274 -295,236
Operating profit/loss -177,788 -193,324 -158,623 -185,096 -140,941
Net financial items -59,413 -9,294 -17,160 81,468 1,929
Profit/loss before tax -237,201 -203,618 -175,783 -103,628 -139,012
Income tax 14,632 19,741 18,399 17,244 5,308
Profit/loss after tax -222,569 -183,877 -157,384 -86,384 -133,704
Statement of Financial Position
SEK thousand 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Non-current assets
Goodwill 370,076 416,019 391,560 401,673 134,812
Capitalized development expenditure 174,670 166,318 197,360 193,122 184,212
Other intangible assets 478,471 628,718 620,192 705,247 -
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 74,893 86,895 90,835 102,595 101,542
Other assets 1,362 1,057 516 352 169
Total non-current assets 1,099,471 1,299,007 1,300,463 1,402,989 420,735
Inventories 10,648 24,929 36,360 28,985 23,493
Trade receivables 42,697 78,285 44,978 48,615 23,152
Other receivables 9,363 14,487 14,654 9,524 13,487
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 125,350 60,746 68,773 25,294 14,272
Other current financial assets 13,802 - 15,167 8,519 152,119
Cash and cash equivalents 29,659 17,767 25,525 47,174 304,117
Total current assets 231,519 203,323 205,457 168,111 530,640
TOTAL ASSETS 1,330,990 1,502,329 1,505,920 1,571,100 951,375
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity 949,787 1,091,064 1,197,740 1,240,079 798,903
Liabilities to credit institutions 12,093 19,916 - 7,000 11,000
Deferred tax liabilities 96,741 132,103 135,597 156,885 84
Provisions 3,969 2,732 1,130 1,172 7,161
Lease liabilities 13,553 14,350 15,622 21,474 25,098
Convertible loans - - 23,917 - -
Other non-current liabilities 2,606 3,571 50,772 3,524 5,632
Total non-current liabilities 128,962 172,672 227,038 190,055 48,975
Convertible loans - 54,000 - 44,493 -
Liabilities to credit institutions 90,609 76,117 - 4,000 4,000
Trade payables 47,905 27,524 37,728 39,262 21,830
Lease liabilities 5,911 4,398 7,171 6,913 5,364
Other liabilities 13,341 12,404 5,836 14,265 6,360
Accrued expenses and deferred income 96,214 64,151 30,407 32,033 65,943
Total current liabilities 252,241 238,594 81,142 140,966 103,497
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1,330,990 1,502,329 1,505,920 1,571,100 951,375
1)  As a result of changes in accounting policies, the information presented in the five-year summary is not fully comparable between periods.  
Comparative figures for the previous financial years 2021–2023 have not been restated, as it was not considered practicable to reliably determine the effects.Five-Year Summary – GroupFIVE-YEAR SUMMARY
80
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY
Cash flow
SEK thousand 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
From operating activities -38,502 -48,169 -105,865 -137,461 -82,967
From investing activities -54,557 -42,344 -60,044 -165,992 -245,008
From financing activities 110,661 82,222 144,990 -35,203 376,410
Cash flow for the period 17,602 -8,291 -20,918 -338,656 48,435
Key performance measures 
SEK thousand unless otherwise stated 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Net sales growth, % 40% -7% 78% 46% -6%
EBITDA -93,432 -68,315 -33,654 -73,693 -107,185
Adjusted EBITDA -50,304 -51,292 -19,827 -75,277
Operating profit -177,788 -193,276 -158,623 -185,096 -140,941
Equity 949,787 1,091,064 1,197,740 1,240,079 798,903
Total assets 1,330,990 1,502,329 1,505,920 1,571,100 951,375
Capital employed 1,071,952 1,259,844 1,294,838 1,331,700 849,139
Interest-bearing net debt 92,507 151,014 71,574 38,723 -253,881
Asset turnover (times) 0.2 0.1 0.2 0.1 0.1
Equity ratio (%) 71% 73% 80% 79% 84%
Debt/equity ratio (%) 13% 15% 8% 7% 6%
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 8,703 8,570 7,103 13,731 38,948
Acquisition of intangible assets 58,442 35,541 46,732 71,278 56,447
Average number of employees 128 124 123 131 117
Net sales per employee (SEK million) 2.4 1.8 1.9 1.0 0.8
Basic and diluted earnings per share (SEK) -0.81 -0.78 -0.68 -0.41 -0.83
Equity per share (SEK) 3.05 4.59 5.10 5.80 4.57
81
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Alternative performance measures – 
definitions and purpose
Alternative performance measures are used to describe the development 
of the business and to enhance comparability between periods. These 
measures are not defined under IFRS, but they are consistent with how 
Group management and the Board of Directors measure the Company’s 
financial performance and should therefore be regarded as a complement 
to the financial information presented in accordance with IFRS.
Group
 SEK thousand Jan 1–Dec 31, 2025 Jan 1–Dec 31, 2024
Growth and profitability
Net sales growth (%) 40% -7%
EBITDA (SEK thousand) -93,432 -68,315
Adjusted EBITDA (SEK thousand) -50,304 -51,292
Capital structure
Equity (SEK thousand) 949,787 1,091,064
Total assets (SEK thousand) 1,330,990 1,502,329
Capital employed (SEK thousand) 1,071,952 1,259,844
Interest-bearing net debt (SEK thousand) 92,507 151,014
Asset turnover (times) 0.2 0.1
Equity ratio (%) 71% 73%
Debt/equity ratio (%) 13% 15%
Cash flow and liquidity
Cash flow before investments (SEK thousand) -38,502 -48,169
Cash flow after investments (SEK thousand) -93,059 -90,513
Cash and cash equivalents (SEK thousand) 29,659 17,767
Investments
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment (SEK thousand) 8,703 8,570
Acquisition of intangible assets (SEK thousand) 58,442 35,541
Employees
Average number of employees 128 124
Net sales per employee (SEK thousand) 2,395 1,768
Number of employees 130 128
Data per share
Number of shares1)311,333,572 237,646,796
Average number of shares, basic 1)274,721,003 235,614,971
Basic and diluted earnings per share 0.81 -0.78
Equity per share 3.05 4.59
1)  The number of shares and the average number of shares have been adjusted retrospectively, for the purpose of calculating equity per share and earnings per share, to reflect the bonus elements of 
share issues carried out during 2024.
82
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Reconciliation of alternative  
performance measures
Group
SEK thousand Jan 1–Dec 31, 2025 Jan 1–Dec 31, 2024
Net sales growth (%)
Net sales 306,558 219,207
Net sales, corresponding period previous year 219,207 236,334
Net sales growth, % 40% -7%
EBITDA (SEK thousand)
Operating profit -177,788 -194,324
Depreciation, amortization and impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 84,355 126,009
EBITDA -93,432 -68,315
Adjusted EBITDA (SEK thousand)
EBITDA -93,432 -68,315
Costs relating to option programs 8,452 4,918
Restructuring costs 11,459 7,164
Cyberattack 8,470 -
Strategic initiatives 14,747 4,941
Adjusted EBITDA -50,304 -51,292
Capital employed (SEK thousand)
Total assets 1,451,417 1,502,329
Deferred tax liabilities -96,741 -132,103
Provisions -3,969 -2,732
Non-interest-bearing portion of other non-current liabilities -2,606 -3,571
Trade payables -47,905 -27,524
Non-interest-bearing portion of other liabilities -13,341 -12,404
Accrued expenses and deferred income -94,476 -64,151
Capital employed 1,071,952 1,259,844
Interest-bearing net debt
Interest-bearing non-current liabilities (leases and other) 25,646 34,266
Interest-bearing current liabilities (bank loans, leases and other) 96,520 134,515
Cash and cash equivalents -29,659 -17,767
Interest-bearing net debt 92,507 151,014
Asset turnover, times
Net sales 306,558 219,207
Average total assets 1,416,660 1,494,937
Total assets at beginning of period 1,502,329 1,487,489
Total assets at end of period 1,330,990 1,502,329
Asset turnover, times 0.2 0.1
Equity ratio (%)
Equity (SEK thousand) 949,787 1,091,064
Total assets (SEK thousand) 1,330,990 1,502,329
Equity ratio, % 71% 73%
Debt/equity ratio (%)
Interest-bearing liabilities 122,166 168,781
Equity 949,787 1,091,064
Debt/equity ratio, % 13% 15%
Equity per share (SEK)
Equity, SEK thousand 949,787 1,091,064
Number of shares at end of period1)311,333,572 237,646,796
Equity per share 3.05 4.59
83
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Alternative performance measures –  
 
Profitability and returns Definition Purpose
Net sales growth (%)Change in net sales as a percentage of the previous 
period’s net salesThe measure is used to monitor the development of 
the Group’s operations between periods
EBITDAEarnings before financial items, taxes, depreciation, 
amortization and impairment lossesThe measure is used to evaluate performance 
without taking financial decisions or taxes into 
account
Adjusted EBITDAEBITDA adjusted for items affecting comparability.  
Items affecting comparability include: costs relating 
to employee stock option programs (IFRS 2 expenses 
and social security contributions), acquisition-related 
costs, restructuring costs, legal costs relating to major 
disputes and cyberattack-related costsThe purpose of the measure is to illustrate the 
performance of the operating activities, excluding 
depreciation, amortization and items affecting 
comparability
EBIT (Operating profit)Earnings before financial items and taxes Operating profit provides an overall view of total 
earnings generation in the operating activities
Capital structure
EquityEquity at the end of the period Used to calculate the equity ratio
Total assetsTotal assets or total equity and liabilities Used to calculate capital employed and the equity 
ratio
Capital employedTotal assets less non-interest-bearing liabilities, 
including deferred tax liabilitiesShows how much of the assets are tied up in the 
operations
Interest-bearing net debtNet of interest-bearing provisions and liabilities less 
cash and cash equivalentsThe measure shows the Group’s total indebtedness
Asset turnover (times)Net sales for the period divided by average total 
assetsMeasure of the efficiency of assets in generating 
revenue
Equity ratio (%)Equity as a percentage of total assets The measure shows the proportion of total assets 
represented by equity and contributes to an 
increased understanding of the Group’s capital 
structure
Debt/equity ratio (%)Interest-bearing liabilities divided by equity The measure describes financial risk, i.e. the 
proportion of the Group’s assets financed through 
borrowing
Cash flow and liquidity
Cash flow before investmentsProfit after financial items plus items not affecting 
cash flow less changes in working capitalUsed to monitor whether the Company generates 
sufficient positive cash flow to maintain its operations 
and generate a surplus for future investments
Cash flow after investmentsProfit after financial items plus items not affecting 
cash flow less changes in working capital and 
investmentsUsed to monitor whether the Company generates 
sufficient positive cash flow to maintain and expand 
its operations and generate a surplus for future 
dividends
Cash and cash equivalentsBank balances and cash Used to calculate interest-bearing net debt
Employees
Average number of employees 1)Average number of employees during the period
Net sales per employee 1)Net sales divided by the average number of 
employees
Number of employees 1)Number of employees at the end of the period
Data per share
Number of shares 2)Number of shares at the end of the period
Average number of shares 2)Average number of shares at the end of the period
Earnings per share (SEK)Profit for the period divided by the average number 
of sharesThe measure highlights the shareholders’ share of 
profit for the period
Equity per share (SEK)Equity divided by the number of shares at the end of 
the periodThe measure shows the amount of shareholders’ 
invested capital per share from an ownership 
perspective
1) The performance measure is operational and is not considered an alternative performance measure according to ESMA’s guidelines
2) Non-financial measure
84
ANNUAL REPORT 2025  SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING GLOSSARY
III-V semiconductors
III-V semiconductors are composed of one or more elements from Group 
III (such as boron, gallium, aluminum and indium) and Group V (such as 
arsenic, antimony and phosphorus) of the periodic table. Examples include 
indium arsenide and gallium nitride. They typically exhibit high electron 
mobility and are used in both optoelectronic and electronic applications. 
After silicon, they are the second most widely used semiconductor material 
in industry.
5G NR
The frequency bands for 5G New Radio (5G NR), which is the air interface 
or radio access technology for 5G networks, are divided into two frequency 
ranges: Frequency Range 1 (FR1), covering frequency bands below 6 GHz 
(and potential new spectrum allocations from 410 MHz to 7,125 MHz), and 
Frequency Range 2 (FR2), covering frequency bands from 24.25 GHz to 71.0 
GHz.
Chip/microchip
A piece of material, usually silicon, containing an electronic circuit. Such 
a silicon chip can contain anything from a single transistor to a complete 
computer system comprising billions of transistors.
CPE, Customer Premises Equipment
Equipment installed by the customer/subscriber on the subscriber’s prem -
ises and connected to an operator’s equipment at a demarcation point.
DCI, Data Center Interconnect
DCI technology connects two or more data centers over short, medium or 
long distances using high-speed optical connectivity. Data center intercon -
nects are becoming increasingly common to increase capacity, and the 
trend is toward hyperscale data centers.
IC, integrated circuit
An electronic circuit in which the components are manufactured together, 
unlike a conventional circuit where the components are manufactured 
separately and then connected to one another. An integrated circuit typ -
ically consists of a thin silicon wafer with integrated conductive pathways 
between individual active components.
InP, Indium phosphide
A III-V semiconductor
InP100
Sivers’ indium phosphide platform for advanced optical communications 
and applications with very high data speeds.
Li-Fi/LiFi
Wireless communication technology that uses light to transmit data and 
position between devices.
LiDAR, Light Detection and Ranging
A light-based radar technology. LiDAR is an optical measurement technol -
ogy that measures the properties of reflected light to determine the dis -
tance to, and/or other properties of, a distant object. Examples of everyday 
applications include optical rangefinders in the construction industry and 
traffic speed monitoring.
Laser source
The point at which a laser beam is generated. Common laser sources 
include fiber lasers, UV lasers, CO2 lasers, YAG lasers and laser diodes.
OEM, Original Equipment Manufacturer
A company that manufactures original products or components that are 
incorporated into another company’s end products. The term is commonly 
used in relation to system manufacturers and operators.Optoelectronics
Technology based on a combination of optics and electronics. Optoelec -
tronics encompasses broad fields of study including optical radiation, 
the interaction between light and matter, and the properties of radiation 
sources.  
Photonics
The combination of modern electronics and optics. Photonics, including 
optical fibers and integrated photonic devices, forms the backbone of 
global communications.
PON, Passive Optical Network
PON, Passive Optical Network  
A system commonly used by telecommunications network providers that 
brings fiber-optic cabling and signals all or most of the way to the end user. 
Depending on where the PON terminates, the system can be described as 
fiber to the local area, fiber to the building or fiber to the home.
RF module
A small electronic device used to transmit and/or receive radio signals 
between two devices. RF stands for radio frequency. In embedded systems, 
it is often desirable to communicate wirelessly with another device. This 
wireless communication can be achieved through optical communication or 
radio-frequency communication.
RFIC, Radio-Frequency Integrated Circuit
A chip or integrated circuit that receives or transmits radio waves and 
converts them into electrical signals. RF chips are used, for example, in por -
table telephones, mobile phones, Wi-Fi devices, wireless routers, wireless 
base stations, satellite transceivers and microwave equipment.
SATCOM
Satellite communications.
Silicon photonics
Silicon-based photonics is a fast-growing technology in which copper inter -
connects are replaced by small optical circuits integrated with electronic 
silicon circuits on the same silicon wafer, enabling the transmission of light 
instead of electrical signals.
sub-6GHz-5G
There are two types of 5G network: millimeter wave (mmWave) and sub-
6GHz 5G. mmWave networks are ultra-fast but have a short range. Milli -
meter wave uses high-frequency radio bands with high capacity (24 GHz to 
71 GHz), while sub-6GHz uses medium- and low-frequency bands below 6 
GHz. Sub-6GHz 5G is the type of 5G currently being rolled out nationally.
Transceiver
A device that can both transmit and receive, for example, internet, tele -
phony and radio signals, where certain components, such as the antenna, 
are shared by both the transmitter and receiver.
Unlicensed 5G
5G operating in unlicensed frequency bands, typically using mmWave 
technology.
Wafer
A thin slice of semiconductor material, such as crystalline silicon (c-Si), used 
in the manufacture of integrated circuits. The wafer serves as a substrate 
for microelectronics built in and on the wafer. It undergoes numerous 
microfabrication processes, such as etching, thin-film deposition of various 
materials and photolithographic patterning. Finally, the individual micro -
circuits are separated through wafer dicing and packaged as integrated 
circuits.
WISP, Wireless Internet Service Provider
A small independent operator that complements nationwide operators’ 
networks with wireless broadband access.Glossary
85
SIVERS SEMICONDUCTORS  ANNUAL REPORT 2025ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Annual General 
Meeting 2026
The Annual General Meeting of Sivers Semiconductors will be held  
on Monday, June 15, 2026.
Participation
Shareholders wishing to participate in the meeting must
•  be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB 
as of Friday, June 5, 2026; and
•  notify the Company of their intention to participate no later than 
Tuesday, June 9, 2026.
Notification
Notification may be submitted by post to: Setterwalls Advokatbyrå 
AB. attn: Olivia Krantz, Box 1050, SE-101 39, Stockholm, Sweden or by 
email to olivia.krantz@setterwalls.se 
The notification should include the shareholder’s name, personal 
identity number/company registration number, daytime telephone 
number, number of shares held and details of any assistants  
accompanying the shareholder. If a shareholder participates by proxy, 
a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must 
be enclosed with the notification. 
A proxy form is available on the Company’s website 
www.siverssemiconductors.com . If the shareholder is a legal entity,  
a certificate of registration or other authorization document must be 
enclosed with the notification.
 
Nominee-registered shares
Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must, in addition  
to notifying the Company of their intention to participate in the 
meeting, temporarily re-register the shares in their own name in the 
share register (a process called voting rights registration) in order to 
participate in the meeting. 
Dividend proposal
The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid.
